 I find that  is a far more professional operation than .  ↗
 .ccolvinj  is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. Stories are fictional garbage.  ↗
 " URGENT “…in an effort to destroy their own front runner.”  I HIT BACK!  ↗
 "   Kimberly G. hosted Greta last nights& told the TRUTH about Trump!   ↗
 " What Financial Pros Can Learn from Donald Trump's Communication Style " Very nice, thanks!  ↗
 " Donald Trump retakes lead in GOP race; Ted Cruz makes gains: poll: # via AOL"  ↗
 " Great family. Great interview  !   ↗
 " Well said   ↗
 " "It’s clear that Donald Trump was NOT even talking about a Muslim Database!"   ↗
 " Do successful CEOs sleep less than everyone else?   ↗
 " Report: Heckler Convicted Of Attempting To Blow Up Marine Recruitment Center   ↗
 " Palin on 2016: "I think it would come down to Cruz and Trump! | Getty   ↗
 " I’ll talk to Donald Trump about his comments on Syrian refugees, and much more, Sunday on ."  ↗
 " Trump's Wife, Children Open Up About GOP Candidate: "There’s No One Else Like Him"   ↗
 ., great job - we are all proud of you!  ↗
 Thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!  ↗
 Thank you for a great afternoon Birmingham, Alabama!  ↗
 It's too bad so few people showed up to  Family Leader dinner. Next year I'll try & be there- and they'll have a huge crowd!  ↗
 Thank you John Nolte for wonderful analysis & reporting.  ↗
 Rumor has it - Pataki, Kasich, & Senator Lindsey Graham are dropping out of the race very soon. Hope it's not true, they're so easy to beat!  ↗
 So nice when media properly polices media. Thank you .  ↗
 A woman who got fired after two days of working with Scott Walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me.  ↗
 Heading to Birmingham, Alabama, and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild.  ↗
 To show you how politicians act, Bobby Jindal spent $1,000 to register in New Hampshire & dropped out the next day. Such a waste!  ↗
 We're stuck with the worst mayor in the United States. Too bad, but New York City will survive!  ↗
 People are really liking my new book, "Crippled America." Check it out!  ↗
 "  Make America Great again vote Donald Trump"  ↗
 "  anchor's shocked that DonaldTrump's comments resonate with GOP base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too.  ↗
 "  cannot be bought! Therefore he cannot be silenced!"  ↗
 "  we're ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the Buckeye State.   ↗
 "  Do you plan on making any campaign stops in West Virginia?" YES, soon.  ↗
 " Watched  special tonight! You have such amazing children. Lots to be proud of! Love your wife! Class Act!"  ↗
 " A GREAT DAY in South Carolina for DonaldTrump &    ↗
 "  You're the hero America needs!  Thank you, I only want to make America great again!  ↗
 "  Your family is a better watch than the Kardashians by a mile!" Cute!  ↗
 "  No pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! That's his promise to us!! We love u trump"  ↗
 "     he will make America great again  ↗
 "      the best man for the job!" Thanks!  ↗
 "  AZING interview. You and your family will be great role models for America!!!   ↗
 "    Watching now! Great! Always true to his word and the USA! A real leader! So nice to hear!!!"  ↗
 "  trump 20/20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. Blue collar with you."  ↗
 "    Long live Donald Trump our next Ronald Reagan!!! God bless you we need you" Nice!  ↗
