"   She represents how thousands of us feel. You have the BEST supporters BAR NONE!  ↗
" .’s biggest Hispanic fan: "He’s my perfect man"  A great woman!  ↗
"  Go President Trump! Many Canadians up here are behind you... totally!   ↗
"    The next generation will be better off because Trump was in the Oval Office!"  ↗
" Please don't ever give up. This country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it.   ↗
"  Trump keep fighting the fight for America, we got your back. The future is looking bright. THE TRUMP REVOLUTION  ↗
"  ATL LOVES TRUMP!!!" Thanks!  ↗
Heading for Atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at North Atlanta Trade Center. Big crowds, great people!  ↗
Will be interviewed on "Media Buzz" with Howie Kurtz on Fox, Sunday at 11:00 A.M.  ↗
Great Gravis Poll on the great state of NH. Also, watch  on CBS &  -- both on Sunday.  ↗
Mark--They could use you.  ↗
Good luck to the US Men’s National Team in tomorrow’s CONCACAF Cup vs. Mexico! It should be a great game!  ↗
New Gravis Poll in NH just out: Trump 32%, Carson 13%  ↗
Crowd gathers to hear Trump speech in Las Vegas  ↗
" Keep the faith. Elect  and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals."  ↗
" With this month's 224-page  book Crippled America, Trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate.."  ↗
Thank you.  ↗
" MSM cut off intro of Trump in LV where we were told he just gave $20 million to St. Jude's Charity …  ↗
"  I'm Hispanic &  has my vote! And a lot of other Hispanics here in the Borderland! "  ↗
"  yeah, you're really wearing out your welcome. Who's dominating the polls? YOU!!! Go Trump!"  ↗
True. Thanks.  ↗
Thanks.  ↗
" Trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from Democrat to Republican??"  ↗
I will be going to Atlanta, Georgia tomorrow—here’s the info: Hope to see you there!   ↗
I will be interviewed on  Sunday 10 on CBS.  is a true pro!  ↗
"  the book to read is Time to get Tough making America great again." Thanks.  ↗
Thanks Larry. Best wishes.  ↗
Good luck! Enjoy.  ↗
"  on  "There is nothing Trump does that doesn't work for him."  ↗
"  Thank you for taking on the Establishment.They don't know what to do, do they?"  ↗
"  you were fantastic yesterday in Las Vegas - a great event. Passionate people. Keep it up!  Thx  ↗
Will be interviewed on  at 7:20. Great crowd in Las Vegas yesterday!  ↗
