 "   I think that you would be as good as Reagan. Please run!!!"  ↗
 "    ↗
 "  I'm with these great people Mr Trump. Please run for President. We need a completely new direction.   ↗
 "  It would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life,"  ↗
 "  please run for president, and show these so called Republicans how to get the job done."  ↗
 " You would be the best president. You're political critiques are always on the money. You are way better than Hillary!"  ↗
 "  you are amazing"  ↗
 "  you are damn good"  ↗
 " U r 1000% correct, Politicians can't fix problems Politicians made. The Executive Branch needs a real Chief Executive. Run!"  ↗
 " Dear  You are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for President.  ↗
 "   U would make a damn good one"  ↗
 " Donald trump would be the greatest president" Thank you.  ↗
 The reason Ed Schultz said nice things about me is that I’m the only Repub who won't cut Social Security, etc. I’ll make America rich again!  ↗
 I’m a conservative, but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other, whereas liberals unite to win.  ↗
 With a stupid guy like Jonah Goldberg who uses “tweeting like a 14 year old girl” to hit me, no wonder the NRO is doing so poorly.   ↗
 People have been forced to resign positions for far less than ’s “tweeting like a 14 year old girl”  ↗
 . You stated that I started “relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl...” Horrible insult to women. Resign now or later!  ↗
 “When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.” – Ronald Reagan  ↗
 Trouble in paradise for Clintons-  ↗
 Republicans have once again capitulated to Obama. This time on the Iran nuclear treaty. When will it end?  ↗
 Government can be efficient with the right leadership. Let’s Make America Great Again  ↗
 " Just viewed the video of the changes to . An already stunning course will now be even more spectacular"  ↗
 Via  by  “Trump: 'We'll Make America Great Again'”  ↗
 ICYMI, my speech from this past Saturday at the   via   ↗
 Wow, Hillary and Bill are in deep trouble, but don’t worry, my fellow Republicans will let them off the hook. All talk, no action.  ↗
 Via Interview with Donald Trump about Presidential Aspirations: It's all a deal"  ↗
 I guess  is a lot smarter than dopes like  & . Oh well, both mags are dying anyway.  ↗
 Wow, really nice, and unexpected, from Ed Schultz. Thank you, Ed!   ↗
 . wrote a wonderful book, “And the Good News is.." Dana has a fabulous perspective on life & politics—go get it!  ↗
 Glad to see that  has been hired by  as an analyst. Pete should be around baseball and in the Hall of Fame!  ↗
 Via  by  “Trump: 'I'm disappointed' in many Republicans”  ↗
