 Jeb Bush never uses his last name on advertising, signage, materials etc. Is he ashamed of the name BUSH? A pretty sad situation. Go Jeb!  ↗
 "  Kelly File was much better without Megyn Kelly. Her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better!  ↗
 "    So true. Jeb Bush is crazy, who cares that he speaks Mexican, this is America, English !!"  ↗
 "   Ordered my Trump banner today. Can't wait!"  ↗
 " The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From    ↗
 "  People always take cheap shots at you,they can't handle the truth.You tell it like it is.They're cowards.  ↗
 "  Mr Trump I appreciate you and your honesty sir" Thank you.  ↗
 "  No man or women on this Planet can give us back America with the exception of  Leadership!  ↗
 " DonaldTrump Thanks for the picture! You were Awesome in Alabama! "Roll Trump Roll  ↗
 "   The bimbo back in town . I hope not for long ."  ↗
 "  Show has become a opinion show. Leading questions, Stirrwalt and Thiessen, used, Fair and balanced, NOT"  ↗
 "  Cruz is my second/third choice. Carson is also a good man. I look at it as war, so my choice is TRUMP."  ↗
 "  She has come back looking like Nancy Grace"  ↗
 "      Megyn needs to go back on vacation. What a waste of an hour on Fox."  ↗
 I liked The Kelly File much better without . Perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation!  ↗
 . must have had a terrible vacation, she is really off her game. Was afraid to confront Dr. Cornel West. No clue on immigration!  ↗
 "    Pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!!"  ↗
 Via The Brody File: "The Lesson Evangelicals Can Learn From Donald Trump" Thank you David & CBN News--so nice.  ↗
 Via Int'l Business Times: Jeb Bush Got $1.3M Job at Lehman After Florida Shifted Pension Cash To Bank.  ↗
 Thank you Greta.  ↗
 Even Barbara Bush agrees with me-  ↗
 Depression- be careful of China!  ↗
 " only  can save us form this turmoil  Perhaps so!  ↗
 "    Trump supporters- volunteer ,contribute, assist campaign etc .We need Trump  ↗
 " Will you finally get respect for predicting U.S. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.The country needs a visionary  ↗
 Markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing China and Asia to dictate the agenda. This could get very messy! Vote Trump.  ↗
 " When people start losing their savings & home value, they will be begging Trump to fix the economy   ↗
 As I have long stated, we are so tied in with China and Asia that their markets are now taking the U.S. market down. Get smart U.S.A.  ↗
