 " "The only way anybody's gonna beat Trump is being better than he is."~ on ."  ↗
 Thank you  for the nice words on . I will win and Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Loved doing the debate last night on . Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!  ↗
 Wow, just heard really bad stuff about the failing . How much longer will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.  ↗
 My interview on  with  had a 40%+ ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20% over last week.  ↗
 Post-Debate via . Thank you!  ↗
 I was on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you!  ↗
 Join me Tuesday, Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC. I’ll be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED ERICA. Don’t miss it!  ↗
 " Another WIN!    ↗
 " The One, The Only, Donald Trump, will and can Make America Great Again !     ↗
 "  I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS!  Thank you.  ↗
 " I'm not even american and I want to see  win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!"  ↗
 "  Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president!   ↗
 "  hell of a job"  ↗
 " People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States.   ↗
 "   We need a wall not a Rubio"  ↗
 "  This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... 💚" Thank you.  ↗
 . Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!  ↗
 "  We Support You! And Believe that your America's Hope" Thanks.  ↗
 Failing host , a mental basketcase, loves SUPERPACS - in other words, he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!  ↗
 "  you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work!  Thanks.  ↗
 Via  Who won the   ↗
 CNBC poll: Trump won  ↗
 Thank you!  ↗
 "  Dipshit  lied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4  calling  out.  ↗
 "   YES!"  ↗
 " TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL; RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING...   ↗
 "  Stay strong and get ready for next debate. Great job last night."  ↗
 " Once again haters gonna hate...hands down will always be   ↗
 " Trump good for legal immigration, economy, defense, taxes, Social Security, Medicare, 2nd Amendment, and ALL Americans."  ↗
 " DonaldTrump turned a $1 Million loan into $10 Billion. That's like you turning a $1,000 loan into $10 Million. CouldYouDoIt?  ↗
 "       Great, thank you!  ↗
 Thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! Today I will be speaking in Reno, Nevada.  ↗
 " One thing I learned from  : "Sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make" We will have strong deal makers  ↗
 "   by the time you're done everyone will be wearing a Trump tie"  ↗
 "  they should just let you be president already, you're already leading in the polls."  ↗
 "  keep you're momentum until you win over the White House"  ↗
 "  you have inspired us to   ↗
 "   good job for Christie last night.Maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after "  ↗
 "     IS TRUTH! We want  🚂🇺🇸🎈"  ↗
 Thank you  and  for all of your nice words and comments on the debate!  ↗
 " 62% said that  won Debate Vote your stand:  ↗
 "  Gravis Marketing Poll  leading.  Great!  ↗
 The money losing  is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. Losers!  ↗
 " came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! Next we need max 5 candidates, too many on the stage!  ↗
 " 100%  SUPPORTERS ARE TRUE BLUE and we are MOTIVATED!   ↗
 " Good Night all supporters. Great night Mr , You ROCKED the Rocky Mountains & the Nation tonight!!!"  ↗
 " The poll closed with declared the official winner.  ↗
 "  showing why he should be our next President. Tremendous Debate. Winning all the post Debate polls.  ↗
 " You were very poised and professional at the debate. You looked Presidential tonight. Hit a homerun   ↗
 Drudge Poll on who won the 3rd  Thank you!  ↗
 Thank you Colorado! An honor to win   Poll.  ↗
