 " For American prosperity, now and for our children's children, there is only one choice. Donald Trump for President 2016-24."  ↗
 " With Donald Trump today after my NRA-ILA speech in Nashville TN!  David, keep up the great work!  ↗
 " Donald Trump has my vote. Signed and sealed." Thanks!  ↗
 " Michael Jackson with Donald Trump.  Michael was very misunderstood - a great talent  ↗
 "  will you run? Can you get us out of the hole we are in? I want this nation to be strong & proud!  ↗
 " If  truly believes he could fix America and loves our Country shouldn't he feel obligated to run?" Yes!  ↗
 "   I love your show though Donny, I'm a fuckung huge fan" But our country is dieing!  ↗
 " My goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as  did at my age."  ↗
  Thanks Mark, they will!  ↗
 " . Donald Trump for president! He's the only one who can run a successful business!"  ↗
 "  You gotta run. I think you have what it takes to stop Hillary!!!"  ↗
 " Could it be  v  for POTUS?   ↗
 " Next great building in DC that should have the Trump name in it!   Cute  ↗
 "  You're the only person who could lead America and move our country forward!"  ↗
 " How do I find out where  is giving speeches at? Because I really want to go to one."  ↗
 "  President Trump just sounds right!" Thanks!  ↗
 "    he also bought the beach property adjacent to Mar-A-Lago from Jack Massey." True!  ↗
 " Ok  i saw the interview on I hope you run!"  ↗
 "   you should run Mr.Trump get this country back on track."  ↗
 " The interview was compelling! I am convinced you are the right person for the job! I am behind you all the way!"  ↗
 "   I think he would make a great president but not really sure he'll run." Thank you and watch!  ↗
 . Thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. Many people watched and commented.  ↗
 "   watched, got me pumped"  ↗
 "  back in Myrtle Beach tomorrow. Might see me at the airport.   ↗
 " Please tell Cruz & Rubio we are trying to return to the Constitution.No more usurpers   ↗
 "  thanks for coming to South Carolina tomarrow" My great honor!  ↗
 "  PLEASE SAVE OUR COUNTRY RUN FOR PRESIDENT!" Watch and thank you.  ↗
 " If  runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time!  ↗
 "  Obama's average employment % is worse than his last 5 predecessors, including Carter!   ↗
 "  Trump will be great on protecting 2A rights!"  ↗
 "  as a 100% disabled I beg u Mr.Trump run for President & make U.S. Great again, we need a honest man like you!  ↗
 " I got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! The common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this!"  ↗
 " A Warm Welcome to  today. Thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with Middle   ↗
 "   Donald Trump doesn't compliment many people. True!  ↗
 "  Trump excites conservatives AND appeals to independents. The best candidate. RUN DONALD RUN!" Thanks Kyle.  ↗
 The NRA in Nashville today was amazing. Packed house and standing ovation for Trump. THANKS!  ↗
 . did a fantastic job on O'Reilly tonight. Way to go Eric!  ↗
 "  When will you have on ? Sean is a great guy who truly loves our country.  ↗
 Off to Nashville and the NRA.  ↗
 . I will be interviewed by Bret (on Fox) tonight at 6:00. Watch, it will be good!  ↗
 " Again, Obama has made us a laughing stock with his Iran " negotiations ". Obama is a disgrace & an embarassment"  ↗
 "  Welcome to the Best City in the USA....... Nashville Tn. I love Nashville!  ↗
 I will be speaking at the NRA event today in Nashville. Many friends will be there.  ↗
 "   thats great and all but are you running for pres" Watch!  ↗
 " I won't rest until I have respectfully shaken the hand of DonaldTrump himself.🔅   ↗
 Exclusive–Donald Trump: Obama 'Totally Out-Negotiated' by Iran, Taliban, 'Virtually Every Country in the World' -   ↗
 " I would rather Donald Trump be the president than Jeb Bush." Would do a much better job!  ↗
 Will be doing a big interview tonight with Bret Baier at 6:00 P.M. on Fox. Don't miss it!  ↗
