 " DonaldTrump  Please run Mr.Trump the U.S . been going downhill since 9/11 we can be great again please be 100% in  ↗
 " Ivanka Trump would be the cutest first daughter in US history if DonaldTrump became president! Elegant,classy and adorable."  ↗
 "    ↗
 "  I'd think you make a great President but I would really miss  Been a fan since the beginning."  ↗
 " I would easily vote for  if he ran for president."  ↗
 "   I see you.... Looking good!   ↗
 " The best thing about you becoming President would be getting to see you tell all of Obama's lackeys " You're fired!"  ↗
 " I must b out of touch-   &  r my top picks for  presidential pick!   ↗
 Great seeing  w/ at  for !   ↗
 "    ↗
 "  America needs your leadership. Please run for President   ↗
 " Perhaps it's time we bring back the , Mista Trump    ↗
 " Great hearing you  speak with on  this . You enhance the dialogue on all programs  ↗
 "  Donald's Policies are the Real Game Plan to  He's also the only 1 to beat   ↗
 "  And we will call it Trump Wall" Fine with me!  ↗
 .kimguilfoyle - great job tonight!  ↗
 Jeb Bush - “I am a conservative” = Barack Obama -“If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your plan.”  ↗
 America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms,it will be because we destroyed ourselves. A. Lincoln  ↗
 Others claim they can make America great again but only one knows The Art of The Deal. It’s time for an outsider  ↗
 Via  “Watch Donald Trump: He Is Patriotic And He Can Fix America”  ↗
 With our brand new Tennis Performance Center,  offers countless activities along with top courses  ↗
 Mexico’s court system is a dishonest joke. I am owed a lot of money & nothing happens.  ↗
 Rodolfo Rosas Moya and his pals in Mexico owe me a lot of money. Disgusting & slow Mexico court system. Mexico is not a U.S. friend.  ↗
 Via  by  “TRUMP: 'I'm going to surprise a lot of people' in 2016”  ↗
 “UPDATE: Trump plans public event at ” via   ↗
 My  int. on simplifying the tax code, our incompetent leaders, Iran and making America great again  ↗
 Trump and Gekko-  ↗
 "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." – John Quincy Adams  ↗
 Via  "Donald Trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run"  ↗
 Our border is being breached daily by criminals. We must build a wall & deduct costs from Mexican foreign aid!  ↗
 We have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. Our Vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime & anywhere!  ↗
 The top course on the west coast  overlooks Pacific Ocean & offers a luxurious public golf experience  ↗
 Looking forward to speaking at the  Republican Leadership Summit on Saturday at 12! Let’s Make America Great Again!  ↗
