 Druggies, drug dealers, rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. When will the U.S. get smart and stop this travesty?  ↗
 Mexico is killing the United States economically because their leaders and negotiators are FAR smarter than ours. But nobody beats Trump!  ↗
 I like Mexico and love the spirit of Mexican people, but we must protect our borders from people, from all over, pouring into the U.S.  ↗
 Why did  beg me for a tweet (endorsement) when her book was launched?  ↗
 "   great article .. At least is finally saying what us average working people know!"  ↗
 Our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. We cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk.  ↗
 Via  by  "Donald Trump declares war on lying, street-hustlers of Congress”  ↗
 Out of hundreds of deals & transactions, I have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just business.  ↗
 Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. Icahn, Black, Zell—but nobody says they went bankrupt!  ↗
 People buy deals & immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. It’s a very effective & commonly used business tool.  ↗
 Stop saying I went bankrupt. I never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage—smart!  ↗
 Hillary Clinton reaches new low.  ↗
 Has Charles  ever apologized for being so totally wrong on Iraq? I called it right in every way—Make America Great Again!  ↗
 George Will was a big Iraq fool. $2 trillion, thousands of lives lost -- & we got nothing! Dummy.  ↗
 Goofy political pundit George Will spoke at Mar-a-Lago years ago. I didn’t attend because he’s boring & often wrong—a total dope!  ↗
 " I've always said the Country needs to be run like a Major Corporation it takes a Brilliant Businessman   ↗
 " Let's get the Trump trending   ↗
 " Why is government run by politicians? It's a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully!   ↗
 Just watched Brian Williams on  - very sad! Brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at . Stop apologizing  ↗
 "  Donald trump will do this country good! He is a businessman & will know how to grow our economy"  ↗
 " Keep doing what you're doing! You're attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before!   ↗
 " Mr. Trump you're the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote!"  ↗
 "   DONALD TRUMP has been telling anyone who would listen about the Chinese currency manipulation." So true.  ↗
 "  You are such a bright man. You have my vote!!"  ↗
 "  So how many more days until you are in office?   ↗
 " I've waited to vote for  since I was little. I can't wait for 2016"  ↗
 "  You've got my vote!!"  ↗
 "     I believe Donald Trump will always make the best deal for his people"  ↗
 "  Mr. Trump nailed it! Wow: After Doubts, Economists Find China Kills U.S. Factory Jobs - http://t.co/bzYPJ5bWSo”"  ↗
