 Our great African American President hasn't exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying Baltimore!  ↗
 Blatant and rampant property destruction in Baltimore as the police stand by and watch. Should be a lesson on how NOT to handle riots. SAD!  ↗
 Wow, 15 policemen hurt in Baltimore, some badly! Where is the National Guard. Police must get tough, and fast! Thugs must be stopped.  ↗
  ↗
 "   For those saying it's not crowded, you didn't see the people on the balcony and crowded outside."  ↗
 Via  by  “Trump: `The last thing we need is another Bush'”  ↗
 "   Business leaders such as Donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester."  ↗
 My  int w/  at on my 2016 timetable, saving Social Security & Making America Great Again!  ↗
 "    Semper Fi Donald !!!!"  ↗
 ICYMI, via  by  “Donald Trump honored at Marine Corps charity gala”  ↗
 Nobody but Donald Trump will save Israel. You are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. Best!  ↗
 "    yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns"  ↗
 " There's only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is   ↗
 " First thing I see when I log unto twitter is  trumpy" Great.  ↗
 "  well...you would have the hottest First Lady ever. sir."  ↗
 "  U wouldn't leave Americans alone the way O has. I anxiously await your decision!"  ↗
 "  Thank you! Such a small thing but you make my Day! God Bless you Mr Trump!"   ↗
 "  The one who will put American first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness"  ↗
 "  coming to the SC Freedom Summit!! This event keeps getting better "  ↗
 " . is coming to NH1 News HQ! Have questions? Reply, let us know, 5pm on    ↗
 "   Bless you Sir safe trip!!!" Thanks.  ↗
 "   listening...good interview!  ↗
 "  Praying for you, the Mexico situation and your decision to run for President May God guide you"  ↗
 "   You always make Monday's better!! Keep telling the Truth and giving us Hope!!" Thanks.  ↗
 "  Mr. Trump calls it like it is. HRC should be investigated, prosecuted and put in federal prison."  ↗
 "  all of the Clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? No agency tracks this type of theft?Out of control"  ↗
 "  great segment again today D...great way to start the Monday!"   ↗
 "  If you run for president, You would receive my vote!"  ↗
 Will be interviewed on  at 7:00 - 5 minutes. Then I head to New Hampshire, great people!  ↗
