 " This is the first election I'll be able to vote, and my vote goes to Trump because I want to live in a great country!   ↗
 " WE ARE GONNA NEED  IN 2016 TO UN-NEGOTIATE EVERYTHING OBA SAID HE NEGOTIATED  True.  ↗
 " .  I was at  when  announced president bid. He's got my vote.  ↗
 “Donald trump files statement of candidacy” via   ↗
 Via  by  ”Defying Doubters, Donald Trump Makes Presidential Bid Official”  ↗
 Today I filed my Statement of Candidacy with the FEC. Let's  ↗
 " I'm definitely voting for  I would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy!"  ↗
 "   I'll be voting for Mr. Trump"  ↗
 " Donald J. Trump is the very definition of the American success story. Through Trump we can bring back the American dream."  ↗
 True.  ↗
 "   Karl, why don't you sit this election cycle out, we had enough losers to last us a life time." True.  ↗
 . Have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? Would you like to see it?    ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities.  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable, but don't take things personally. That's good business.  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.  ↗
 The Senate must NOT pass TPA! Any Senator who votes for it is disqualified for being POTUS. Protect the American worker and manufacturer!  ↗
 Flashback – Jeb Bush received a $4M tax payer bailout in 1990 Guess who was POTUS then?  ↗
 Who do you want negotiating for us?  ↗
 It's time for government to stop picking winners & losers. Let’s make sure everyone can achieve the American dream!  ↗
 " My latest piece on  winning the foreign policy race. …"  ↗
 . Great job--you are a true champion! See you soon.  ↗
 "Hillary Clinton Dominates the Pack in Fake Twitter Followers"  ↗
 "  A businessman that understands the world's business/politics.   ↗
 " The USA is like Wollman Rink or Ferrypoint before DJT. You came you saw and built a masterpiece. Now it's the USA' s turn."  ↗
 Thank you.  ↗
 . Thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated.  ↗
 "  Only a fool will underestimate  Trump will surprise everybody and America needs him."  ↗
 I want to thank Elizabeth, Steve, Brian and all of the great folks of  for the long and successful run we had together. NICE!  ↗
 Sadly, I will no longer be doing  at 7:00 A.M. on Mondays. This is because I am running for president and law prohibits. LOVE!  ↗
