" Please run ! With your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track!" Very true.  ↗
"  Sir. With all dew respect, you OWE it to the American ppl to do ultimate SACRIFICE be the Man & RUN."  ↗
" . is trying hard but apparently DonaldTrump is not looking to engage." No idea who she is, sounds dumb!  ↗
"  You're the most logical person I follow on Twitter!"  ↗
"  Get into office and tell CONgress "You're fired!"   ↗
"  a man's children speak much of him. U have raised them well & will represent us well. U will win." Thanks.  ↗
"  just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest, will you run?  Watch.  ↗
" Time for you to tell  'You're fired!'. We need someone who loves America in office!"  ↗
" I want to see a man that's not a career politician in office. America FORGOT what a great leader can do!   ↗
"  "I will.""  ↗
"  We will!"  ↗
" You didnt build an empire on Hope you built it on Hard work and dedication. Balancing budgets and making profits. RUN SIR !"  ↗
" We've got your back Mr. Trump! we're not politicians (all talk and no action). just let us know what you need us to do."  ↗
"  got my vote! Need a real leader n a business man! No more corrupt politicians"  ↗
" You have conquered so much in business. Your children will carry on your legacy. Now make America great again!!!  ↗
. is a total whack job who doesn't have a clue. Don't provoke the enemy, go get them and make them pay. No signals, just do it!  ↗
"  You are my hero! I know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! Thank you.  ↗
" hoping you announce a 2016 run soon!  building more factories in Mexico!  ↗
"    I'll vote for trump in a heart beat. Not a politician but a very smart man" True.  ↗
I hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and RUN FOR PRESIDENT will fight hard for victory if I do!  ↗
"  See you Saturday in Greenville, SC to hear more!" Great.  ↗
"  I agree"  ↗
"  for president!! Run and you got my vote."  ↗
"  DT please get in the race for President"  ↗
"  At this point I'm voting for Trump! " Very smart!  ↗
Our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast, before it is too late. We have zero leadership and never WIN! We want victory.  ↗
"   Trump for President !!!!"  ↗
" Please run Mr Trump.  "  ↗
"  he is the best person for the job"  ↗
" RT "  if you run for president im voting for you" Great. I am dying for Donald to run and win#"  ↗
"  See you on the 16th!  I look forward to seeing you!  ↗
"  if you run for president im voting for you" Great.  ↗
"   Yes... ALL the WIN!...."  ↗
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland has been home to four of the greatest Open Championships in history  ↗
“There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.” – The Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher  ↗
Follow  for all the updates on my New Hampshire political activities. Looking forward to returning to the Granite State on May 14!  ↗
At the foot of Whitestone Bridge in the Bronx  offers fantastic views of the Manhattan skyline  ↗
I am thrilled to share that the Trump Home furniture collection by , just opened a new…  ↗
Great story on  in  about our new Sky and Wellness Suites:  ↗
There is incredible progress on the site of Trump Tower Punta del Este, Uruguay, situated on the sands of Playa Brava  ↗
Our spa  gets a nice write-up in   ↗
