 " Do what most of us are doing! Turn off ! There is a major boycott going on with them, anyway. Problem solved!  ↗
 "  I can only watch Hannity. I think he is the only one in your corner"  ↗
 "  WE LOVE YOU DONALD TRUMP BECAUSE WE KNOW YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE TO  Thanks.  ↗
 "  I have been since you started running & I noticed Meghan Kelly's attacks. Stopped watching. Only Hannity 4 sure." Yes!  ↗
 "       Karl Rove is a JOKE OWNED BY the BUSH family"  ↗
 "   and millions will agree with you! Most of us on twitter now view OAN network"  ↗
 "   They attack you more then CNN or MSNBC combined. Just a bunch of old Bush appointee Rhinos."  ↗
 "  Im not sure why u r giving them this much importance, they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!!"  ↗
 "   What happened to The Pledge? Walker quits and slams Trump. Losers proving Pledge was sham."  ↗
 "      that's ok! The more they talk the better POTUS Trump looks!"  ↗
 "  you must be relentless and maintain energy, and respond as you have been. It's a marathon." True.  ↗
 "  Thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of " Thanks Mark!  ↗
 . is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn't have a clue!  ↗
 I am having a really hard time watching .  ↗
 "  will get out disaffected Repub base voters as well as Democrats looking for a real choice on immigration.  ↗
 "  Do you dream about ? He's in your head. Let it go." She is the worst - all anti-Trump! Terrible show.  ↗
 "    The way you have treated  is totally unacceptable...CNN has been fair"  ↗
 "  Can't even think what the race would be without you in it."  ↗
 "   love you trump"  ↗
 "   this is bull fox. O'Reilly, I expect better from you. What is going on? Fair and balanced my ass"  ↗
 "   You dominate not because of them-but despite them;They need you more than you need them"  ↗
 "   Couldn't agree more!"  ↗
 "   they're not Trump haters. They're spoon fed morons."  ↗
 ., why don't you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old Trump haters. Boring!  ↗
 . was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including NBC.  not good for me!  ↗
 "  touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!  ↗
 Via HuffPost Pollster  ↗
 I will be interviewed tonight at 7pm ET by   ↗
 I got to know  well—he’s a very nice person and has a great future.  ↗
 Thank you Dan--I agree! Best wishes.  ↗
 " Zogby is respected in the business of polling ~ the media is attempting to silence the message "  ↗
   ↗
 I had a great time at   ↗
 I just wrapped up a Q&A . Thanks for all your questions!  ↗
 .  ↗
 .  ↗
 .  ↗
 .  ↗
 .  ↗
 .  ↗
 .  ↗
 .  ↗
 .  ↗
 .  ↗
 Getting ready to answer your questions.  ↗
 Has the media picked up the new Zogby poll that was just put out? I doubt it!  ↗
 Jeb has been confused for forty years-  ↗
 Carly Fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs!  ↗
 Send me your questions to answer live from  later this afternoon.  ↗
 New Zogby poll— highly respected— but the media won’t report it because it gives me an even bigger lead!  ↗
 "  touts CNN polls instead of their own!! Of course, the NBC one shows him much higher. Trump corrects them!  ↗
 "   Fox is using you for ratings. They want u out of the race. Refuse."  ↗
 "  could you make your interview with  any more biased or...   ↗
 "   You are great!!"  ↗
 "  here is a Clinton insider who admitted Hillary started the whole Obama's a Muslim  ↗
 "   ...Why is Fox being so hard on u? I don't get it...are they idiots?"  ↗
 "   you go trumpy, don't back down" I won't.  ↗
 " On the Muslim issue: It might help  if he actually supported Christians religious liberty rights.  ↗
 " On the Muslim issue: It might help  if he didn't take five years to visit Israel"  ↗
 "   I totally support you! You have this Ga. Girl's vote!!!"  ↗
 " Thanks  and  for showing us how lopsided you are! Use your own poll!  ↗
 The  refused to use their just in poll numbers where I have a massive lead but instead used  numbers where my lead is smaller.  ↗
 Will be on  now. Enjoy!  ↗
