 "  NOBODY TRUMPS TRUMP WHEN IT COMES TO TWEETS...HOLY SH UR THE TWEET MASTER...GREAT JOB.  ↗
 "  I am honored, if you are in I am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in, campaigning for the BEST"  ↗
 "     why does  put you on hers? Because I get great ratings-and other reasons  ↗
 " Ed Schultz just extolled your business savvy, maybe there is hope for MSNBC! Be careful if Sharpton endorses you, Boss!"  ↗
 . I heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in New Hampshire. You just don't have what it takes!   ↗
 "  Make some heads roll. Run for president dammit!  ↗
 "  To be fair, impossible to fill those shoes. But consistent conservative principles would be a start!" I agree!  ↗
 "     I model my management by Mr Trump. Consistent is everything"  ↗
 "  i spoke to my cousins in NH they said their whole town is talking about your great speech  Thanks  ↗
 "    I'm thinking a businessman like Trump is the only one who can fix this mess!" True!  ↗
 "  Why don't you just run for President?! You would have my vote!!"  ↗
 "    It has cratered since WFB passed away." So true, WFB is spinning in his grave! Jonah killed it  ↗
 " It's PATHETIC for  &  to bash  as non-serious! Talkers bashing a successful doer!"  ↗
 National Review  may be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by . No talent means death - sad!  ↗
 . Sorry, there was only one "breakout star" this weekend in New Hampshire. Just check out the local New Hampshire media!  ↗
 Jonah Goldberg  of the once great  Review is truly dumb as a rock. Why does  put this dummy on his show?  ↗
 As I have long been saying, South Africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. Just watch the evening news (when not talking weather).  ↗
 "  They'll repay us by giving us higher gas prices!" True!  ↗
 "  You need to Run For President."  ↗
 "  Nothing, as they always do"  ↗
 "  Tell um to get out the check book Donald" Believe me, I would!  ↗
 "  Tell um to get out the check book Donald"  ↗
 "  We need you as president Mr.Trump, A leader that knows what to do!" Agree.  ↗
 We are stupidly paying Iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. Why isn't this part of the nuclear negotiations? Really dumb!  ↗
 We are getting ready to protect Saudi Arabia against Iran & others-sending ships. How much are they going to pay us toward this protection.  ↗
 "  just leaving after 4 days and I must say it was amazing. Thank u for your attention to details." Great, thank you.  ↗
 Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles will be the host in October for the .  ↗
 " One of the most elegant and amazing hotels in Vegas. hotel. Our company loved it there." Thank you.  ↗
 "   Terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! The best, by far in NYC...." Thanks.  ↗
 Congratulations to  for once again receiving the AAA Five Diamond Award for another year!  ↗
 Congratulations to  for being selected as "Best of +VIP Access 2014" by !  ↗
 . I know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than .  ↗
 Thank you  and  for the wonderful and very true article, “Total Desperation on Iran”  ↗
 How does failed writer and pundit like , with no success and little talent, get away with criticizing candidates.  ↗
 So much dishonest reporting (or non-reporting) in political media—an amazing experience for me.   ↗
 " Donald, our prince! (Daniel 12:1) Don would rather someone else stand up for our people, but they will not, so he will."  ↗
 " . Forget running for president, why don't you run to be an MP here in Scotland!"  ↗
 " When we need hope  is just the person there to give it..." True!  ↗
 "  our country needs you to run for President and save our country. Make Us Great Again!!!!"  ↗
 "  thinking  might be what this country needs a change from career politicians"  ↗
 "  As always Great Job Mr Trump!! Truth we all need to hear it! You gave us Hope!! We need it now!!"  ↗
 " You should declare you candidacy on with  and  and just go all out campaigning.  ↗
 " Come June/July,  will take the first step in the process of making America great again!   ↗
 "   And I will be watching with great interest.  ↗
 "   Please run for President "  ↗
 " You always do a job . You are indeed a & to   ↗
 "  Always watch Mr Trump Keep speaking the truth! Let's Get Our America Back! You Will Do It! God Bless!!"  ↗
 I will be interviewed on  at 7:00 - 30 minutes. Some very interesting topics.  ↗
