 "  clearly puts this country first! Security, vets, economy and won't bow down to other world leaders!  ↗
 "  Please be careful there, the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there."  ↗
 Thoughts & prayers with everyone in Lafayette, Louisiana this evening.  ↗
 You’re just not getting there . Sometimes things just don’t work out, but don’t worry--- no problem!  ↗
 " Been a long time since I've cared abt politics since the GOP been a disaster. That's changed bc of YOU. Love U!   ↗
 . watched you on . Made some excellent points. Best Wishes.  ↗
 " Don't let the press put words in your mouth!  Awesome job at the border! You're doing great!"  ↗
 " If all the Hispanics hate the , why was he surrounded by so many Hispanics at the border?"  ↗
 " I like  . He isn't fake. He tells you the truth not "what you wanna hear".  ↗
 Great!  ↗
 "  is the only candidate that isn't politically correct and that speaks the truth on what's on his mind!"  ↗
 "  is exactly what we need. He says what the others are too afraid to say! I'm for him 110%." Thanks.  ↗
 Thanks.  ↗
 " Mr. Trump thank you! For having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. I want my country back!"  ↗
 True!  ↗
 " Michael Cohen on Wolf Blitzer  …  ↗
 " travels DonaldTrump Can't wait to hear the report later today! TY for all you are doing to take this Country back  ↗
 "  please be careful" Thank you!  ↗
 " Plz stay safe dear Sir, the World needs you.Your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion."  ↗
 "  Keep telling it like it is. Refreshing no political BS"  ↗
 Getting ready to lift off for Laredo. Will land at 1:OO P.M. Should be exciting and informative!  ↗
 . Bill, your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back Trump. Country will soar!  ↗
 What a waste of time being interviewed by  when he puts on really stupid talking heads likeTim O'Brien-dumb guy with no clue!  ↗
 " Media attacking you early this morning. A GOOD SIGN!America is proud of you for ignoring the MEDIA & telling it like it is!"  ↗
 " Congress Can't Find Money for Veterans *Houses, Feeds, Educates, Provide Drs for illegals *Gives Iran over $200 Billion"  ↗
