 "  we need Trump for President!" I agree!  ↗
 "  in 2016! this country can't wait any longer."  ↗
 Marco Rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in Miami - proper plan. Sweating profusely!  ↗
 " This country desperately needs accountability.  in   ↗
 " Mr. Trump it is time to be serious and run for president. Bring America back to its greatness with dignity I feel you have."  ↗
 "  - Been all over KY today. Never more than 1 mile from major interstates. 13 dropped calls. DonaldTrump was right.  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Don't be confined by expectations. There are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas.  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility, and it's the ideal situation to strive for.  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss? Don't negate your own power.  ↗
 " North Charleston, SC We are glad to have Donald Trump onsite at Leeds Park. "  ↗
 " Even if  doesn't run for the GOP, I'm writing him in on my ballet.   ↗
 "  cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. Only you can really "make america great again"   ↗
 "  you said it best: "Let's make America great again"   ↗
 "    The Donald gets things done   ↗
 " . on President Obama's statements in Panama: "Our country is going to Hell...under his leadership.""  ↗
 "   Yes Yes Yes I'm so sick of lying politicians"  ↗
 "   another great Monday with you on!   ↗
 "   that's why we need you Mr. Trump! You're on the polls so it's time you get moving!  ↗
 "  Please do another  interview. Come on now it's been long since you had him on your show. Can't wait"  ↗
 " How can I help with your campaign. Whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. Road to the WH ends with Trump!"  ↗
 "  saying he'd use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him"  ↗
 " We are all hungry for a Trump candidacy. Hillary announcement was expected. Let's show her the competition!   ↗
 "  should run for president! I rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician."  ↗
 Will be on  at 7:00 this morning - enjoy!  ↗
