 Hillary Clinton is a major national security risk. Not presidential material!  ↗
 THANK YOU to all of the incredible volunteers, behind the scenes in Iowa!  ↗
 "   damn fox is really acting like a baby today. I guess Trump got under their skin - pretty biased!  ↗
 "   So Bill if America was SO LONGING to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss?"  ↗
 Looking forward to a great weekend in Iowa! Tickets:  ↗
 . The people of Iowa love the fact that I stuck up for my rights, as I will do for the U.S. Also got $6,000,000 for our VETS!  ↗
 . is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. $6,000,000 raised in one hour for our VETS.  ↗
 Amazing that Ted Cruz can't even get a Senator like , who is easy, to endorse him. Not one Senator is endorsing Canada Ted!  ↗
 . looks more like a gym rat than a U.S. Senator. How the hell did he ever get elected?   ↗
 The great State of Nebraska can do much better than  as your Senator. Saw him on  - totally ineffective. Wants paid for pols.  ↗
 The new e-mail release is a disaster for Hillary Clinton. At a minimum, how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president?  ↗
 Thank you for all of your support Iowa! finder:  ↗
 They say that if I participated in last night’s Fox debate, they would have had 12 million more & would have broken the all time record.  ↗
 Thank you, America! Via   ↗
 Join me tomorrow in Dubuque, Iowa!  ↗
 Thank you- Nashua, New Hampshire!  ↗
 "Every American needs to say 2 simple words to every Vet they meet: THANK YOU!" John Wayne Walding  ↗
 Thank you! Mitchell FOX2 Michigan Poll finds Trump holds 3-1 lead over closest GOP opponents. Trump 47% Clinton 43%  ↗
 Great Twitter poll- and I wasn't even there. Thank you!  ↗
 Getting ready to take off for Nashua, New Hampshire. Big crowd, will be there soon. Fun!  ↗
 Iowa was amazing last night. The event could not have worked out better. We raised $6,000,000 for our great vets. They were so happy & proud  ↗
 Thank you for your interest & support during last nights  finder:  ↗
 Good morning America! Thank you for all of your support in the latest Drudge poll!  ↗
 Thank you for your support!  ↗
 Thank you, America!  ↗
 • 2/1/2016 • 6:30pm  Iowa caucus finder:  ↗
 Thank you for the kind words tonight, . You were great! See you soon!  ↗
 I will take care of the Veterans who have served this country so bravely. Video:  ↗
