 Join me live- now in Las Vegas, Nevada! We will MAKE ERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 RT  Nevada: Here is a quick video  created on "How to Caucus" - very quick and simple! …  ↗
 Ted Cruz said on  that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. Another lie-crazy!  ↗
 A big fat hit job on  tonight. A total waste of time to watch, boring and biased.  said I would never run, a dope!  ↗
 Great Town Hall tonight at 10:00 P.M. (Eastern) conducted by  on   ↗
 Thank you Vermont!  ↗
 Thank you Michigan! Trump 35% Kasich 17% Cruz 12% Rubio 12% Carson 9% Via: ARG  ↗
 Great poll! Thank you North Carolina! on 3/15! Trump 36% Cruz 18% Rubio 18% Carson 10% Kasich 7% Via   ↗
 WOW! Thank you Massachusetts! See you soon.  ↗
 Just watched the very incompetent Mitt Romney Campaign Strategist, Stuart Stevens. Now I know why Mitt lost so badly. Stevens is a clown!  ↗
 Thank you Illinois! Great news! on 3/15! Trump 28% Cruz 15% Rubio 14% Kasich 13% Bush 8% Carson 6% Simon Poll/SIU  ↗
 RT  Thank you Elko County, Nevada. So much amazing feedback from my forum today I really appreciate it ht…  ↗
 I will be on  tonight- from Las Vegas, Nevada at 10pmE. Enjoy!  ↗
 Ted Cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in Iowa. Weak RNC and Republican leadership probably won't let this happen! Sad.  ↗
 Just saw the phony ad by Cruz - totally false, more dirty tricks. He got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy?  ↗
 Ted Cruz has now apologized to Marco Rubio and Ben Carson for fraud and dirty tricks. No wonder he has lost Evangelical support!  ↗
 Ted Cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. Take ad down Ted. Biggest liar in politics!  ↗
 Wow, Ted Cruz falsely suggested Marco Rubio mocked the Bible and was just forced to fire his Communications Director. More dirty tricks!  ↗
 It is so important to audit The Federal Reserve, and yet Ted Cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done.  ↗
 Thank you for your endorsement ! Video:  ↗
 Many people are now saying I won South Carolina because of the last debate. I showed anger and the people of our country are very angry!  ↗
 "  Florida starts early voting on March 5 extending to March 15. Absentee ballots have been sent out!   ↗
 " No matter what liar sleazeball  says about  in Tennessee. We have early voting and  has won.  ↗
 I hear the Rickets family, who own the Chicago Cubs, are secretly spending $'s against me. They better be careful, they have a lot to hide!  ↗
 "   FLORIDIANS ARE UPSET BECAUSE RUBIO DID NOT DO WHAT HE PROMISED ONCE HE WAS ELECTED! VOTE TRUMP"  ↗
 " You really rocked them hard in S.C. Rubio and Cruz were pummled. So glad Jeb is gone! Next no liar!"  ↗
 The reason that Ted Cruz lost the Evangelicals in S.C. is because he is a world class LIAR, and Evangelicals do not like liars!  ↗
 I am in Las Vegas, at the best hotel (by far), Trump International. I will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to WIN Nevada!  ↗
 " Nevada we are on our way! Caucus locator:   ↗
 A number of months ago, I was not expected to win South Carolina,Ted Cruz was, and yet I won in a landslide - every group and category. WIN!  ↗
