 "  Glad U R Man Enough 2 Speak the Truth in this Pathetic Politically Correct World!  ↗
 "   Trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right."  ↗
 " RT  My  piece: "Trump: I don't need to be lectured" http://t.co/ORa0H4A2xJ"  ↗
 "     The truth hurts sometimes, who cares...keep telling it like it is!!"  ↗
 "  you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #Trump2016 #TrumpForAmerica"  ↗
 "  Will make the best President ever"  ↗
 "     WE LOVE YOU TRUMP!!! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  ↗
 "    ...what do you say now??? http://t.co/RdMXfnuBMH"  ↗
 "  Voters LIKE "tough and smart"... that's why we are voting TRUMP 2016!!"  ↗
 "    Gotta love the honesty"  ↗
 "  trump for president http://t.co/I9VxZ0MlNQ"  ↗
 "  that's all the career politicians do is talk"  ↗
 "  ...RN for 27 yrs. Veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. Thnx for speaking#TRUTH"  ↗
 "  Bravo for saying whats on most of Americans mind. Lets make America great, again!"  ↗
 " The left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!!"  ↗
 " They can't handle you Donald so want you out the race, well good luck,because we know you won't walk away! Give it to them"  ↗
 " McCain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our $19 TRILLION train-wreck, including the VA debacle."  ↗
 My  piece: "Trump: I don't need to be lectured"  ↗
 I will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN  ↗
 The Republican Party must get tougher and smarter, and fast, or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times!  ↗
 A true piece about the standing ovations I got yesterday  ↗
 The Veterans Administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. John McCain has done nothing to help them but talk.  ↗
 John McCain called thousands of people "crazies" when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in Phoenix. He owes apology!  ↗
