"  God bless America and DonaldTrump. You have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with DC."  ↗
"   As do I, Diana.Saw Mr. Trump in Manchester & crowd was energized & hungering 4 real leadership.  ↗
"  donald I don't have to tell you , your doing something right"  ↗
"  BC our government are spineless. We need someone who will stand their ground. You have my support"  ↗
"  DONALD! DONALD! DONALD!!! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 #trumpforpresident"  ↗
"  Will definitely vote for you. Breath of fresh air. America needs you!"  ↗
"  The huff post pollster has  trump in first place ahead of jeb bush"  ↗
I said simply that the Mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the Mexican gov't is pushing their hard core to U.S.  ↗
Thank you , I will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show!  ↗
It is time to create jobs for Americans, not D.C. We need a bold new direction. Let’s Make America Great Again!  ↗
Flashback – Jeb Bush says illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an “act of love” He will never secure the border.  ↗
Jeb Bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for American workers. Jeb doesn't see & can't solve the problems.  ↗
I appreciate the GOP candidates who remain strong on border security. They know I am right. A nation without borders cannot survive.  ↗
Rick Perry failed at the border. Now he is critical of me. He needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants.  ↗
" continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the 'fed-up' American people."  ↗
"  Saw where you supported  on  to be aired tomorrow . Thank you."  ↗
" Donald Trump and 2015 / 2016 Considerations... via ~ I just signed up to support Mr. Trump  ↗
" Late night confessions: I think Donald Trump would be a good president"  ↗
Miss Universe, Paulina Vega, criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration, but then said she would keep the crown-Hypocrite  ↗
" Donald Trump for President! He has my vote come elections!"  ↗
" Ted Cruz Backs Trump about securing the borders. Nothing has been done for decades. via "  ↗
