 "If I run, and if I win, our country will be great again." - last line of my  speech  ↗
 "Our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician." - my  speech  ↗
 Audience chanting "RUN TRUMP RUN!" during my my  speech! They are going to be very happy...  ↗
 "I said don't invade Iraq from the very beginning." - my  speech  ↗
 "I am going to save Social Security without any cuts. I know where to get the money from. Nobody else does." - my  speech  ↗
 Via  by  &  "Mr. Trump Goes to Washington And Talks 2016"  ↗
 "Many Republicans support TPP. They are stupid. We have stupid Republicans too. We need to keep jobs here!" - my  speech  ↗
 "Negotiation is a true talent. It is an art. And our politicians are killing our country b/c they don't have it." -  speech  ↗
 "I would triple the sanctions on Iran if the American pastor is not released." - my  speech  ↗
 "I make good deals. That's what I do. I would make great deals for our country." - my  speech  ↗
 Just received huge applause when I said Berghdal should be sent back to Afghanistan!  speech is sold out with record crowd.  ↗
 "Wouldn't it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?!" - my  speech.  ↗
 Looking forward to receiving 2015 Statesman of the Year award tonight by . A record 2,000+ sell out  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: In the best negotiations, everyone wins. This is a possibility and it's the ideal situation to strive for.  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Believe in yourself. If you don't, no one else will either.  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100% of your concentrated effort.  ↗
 Just 30 minutes from Manhattan,  is Westchester’s most elite club offering a 7,291 yard course  ↗
 "   I am with you Mr Trump! I want to make America great again. It can be! Our spirit is not broken"  ↗
 "    Is always nice to listen to you because you answer, and not dodge, the questions!"  ↗
 Via  by  “Is the White House Big Enough for Donald Trump?”  ↗
 Flashback: “NYers were grateful when Donald Trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the Wollman Rink”  ↗
 "Always be prepared to start.” -   ↗
 Via  by Robert Silk: “Renovations make Trump's Doral a showcase once again”  ↗
 "    He is the only one who could save us!!"  ↗
 " I LOVE  BECAUSE HE''S BRAVE, FEARLESS AND HE 'S GOT WILL-POWER TO MOVE ERICA FORWARD!!!   ↗
 "  VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP VOTE TRUMP HE IS THE BEST VOTE TRUMP SHOW YOU'RE INTELIGENCE VOTE TRUMP TO SAVE ERCIA  ↗
 " The Q Is Will The  Run For President? We Shall Wait And See. " Just watch!  ↗
 "  The world would be a better place if businessmen like Donald Trump had more say in the day to day business  ↗
 " . 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again'    ↗
 " Is America ready for Donald Trump as president?   ↗
 Why Donald Trump Won’t Touch Your Entitlements: DES MOINES, Iowa—Donald Trump says if he runs for p...   ↗
 " Is America ready for Donald Trump as president?  Wayne Allen Root-wow, great words and delivery!  ↗
 " America great again. We need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. We need   ↗
 " Mr. Trump you are the most qualified candidate. This nation needs your leadership, experience and wisdom.   ↗
 " We need  to MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN! ONLY PATRIOTS ALLOWED!! VOTE VOTE VOTE TRUMP"  ↗
 " We need change, your the MAN!! You got my vote!! I'll campaign for u in AZ!! Let's do it Trump!!   ↗
 " Trump: 'I Want to Make the Country Great Again'   ↗
 " Thanks  , this country needs a real leader, and you are the man!   ↗
 " All it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing.  you have to run!   ↗
 "   trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. Go ahead and run for pres"  ↗
 " Wishing this moment to come, thanks  , I'll vote you   ↗
 ". Had a dream that  was POTUS and  was VP. Our country was finally debt free. Too bad it was only a dream  ↗
 " Mr. Trump keep us informed of your presidential bid, we really need some help out here for the common folk!   ↗
 "  waiting on Trump to Pump the economy!"  ↗
 " you run or not(Praying U Do) your getting my vote.I am writing you in if you don't run.Your our best hope   ↗
 " The only way I'm voting for president is if  runs" Cute!  ↗
 "   put your hat in the ring - I'll vote for you. Get busy trump"  ↗
 "  -Trump the players in this presidential race.....   ↗
 "   he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to Wharton business school"  ↗
 "    i cant wait to see you on Gregs new show! You get my vote.  ↗
 . New book is excellent and so true! Congrats!  ↗
 "  I have said for a long time we need a businessman in the White House"  ↗
 "  said he would build a wall on the southern border... Got my vote!!"  ↗
 "  Count me in! Anything I can do to help..   ↗
 "   DonaldTrump Trump is so right about Geller. Megyn, stop advocating for her; its a loser."  ↗
 " I really wish  would run for president."  ↗
 "  Bringing jobs back from China & Asia is a winning issue. He'll capture the Reagan Democrats. Hope he runs."  ↗
