 Thank you, Jonathan. Greatly appreciated!  ↗
 "  Congrats Mr. Trump. You did great tonight. You made us ALL proud :) YES! SAYING IT AGAIN....Trump #1"  ↗
 "  GREAT debate, way to go!!"  ↗
 "   WE ALL VOTED FOR YOU TONIGHT AS WINNER OF THE DEBATE..  ↗
 Thanks, . You're great!  ↗
 The #CNBCGOPDebate poll closed with #Trump2016 declared the official winner. Thank you!  ↗
 Thank you! #GOPDebate MakeAmericaGreatAgain  ↗
 Thanks everyone, they all said I won the debate. Even won the  Poll!  ↗
 Via  "Trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put Carson on top"-  ↗
 "  Love your sense of humor...LOL Your rallies are amazing. We're standing behind you 1000%:)"   ↗
  POLL TOTAL: TRUMP 25.22 CARSON 19.78 RUBIO 9.67....  ↗
 . Poll, one of the most highly respected, was just released. Wow, wait until the media digests these numbers - won't be happy!  ↗
 I'm sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via The Economist. 32%!  ↗
 "   why only Donald Trump can beat Hillary. #YUGE #Trump2016 #TeamTrump #"  ↗
 "  The Liberals are terrified that you'll be the one to go against Hillary.  ↗
 "   get your polls straight. Trump is going to win. He is the only one tough enough to run this country."  ↗
 "  is trying to drive down poll numbers to install Carson - who the Establishment GOP will promptly roll. Win Don Win!"  ↗
 Does anybody think that  will get their fictitious polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. Sad!  ↗
 "    I watched the entire rally and Trump was very well received the place was packed."  ↗
 . can you believe Kasie Hunt's poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in Iowa.  is a scam!  ↗
 . continues to report fictious poll numbers. Number one, based on every statistic, is Trump (by a wide margin). They just can't say it!  ↗
 After a great evening and packed auditorium in Iowa, I am now in Colorado looking forward to what I am sure will be a very unfair debate!  ↗
 " Debate night! #TeamTrump16 is behind you 5000% National Lead TRUMP 35.6% CARSON 21.7% https://t.co/KVgRDHlJH1"  ↗
 "  good morning. Easy on each other & finish off the establishment guys. They hope you 2 will fight it out."True  ↗
 " Via the Washington Post: Inside the World of Donald Trump's Super Fans: https://t.co/wfbcBcsCov"  ↗
