 " My only goal in life is to be a successful man, much like "  ↗
 "  LOVE Trump Tower in Chicago!! Beautiful building!!"  ↗
 "   This building is awesome. Kind of neat if Donald becomes either the POTUS or the VPOTUS. Mk"  ↗
 "    T-Mobile sucks!"  ↗
 " This is our favorite tower in Chicago! We love it! We sit in front of it just to contemplate it! http://t.co/vLq3Uoteo7"  ↗
 "   Guess   Had it right.  has the best wireless network."  ↗
 "  What I admire is that Donald Trump loves this country. He will put country over self and make America great."  ↗
 "   TMobile sucks can't believe someone like you would promote such a shitty company. Compassionless Co.  ↗
 " Donald Trump is the man to make this country great. Obama/administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke!"  ↗
 "   even though a costumer for so long, their costumer service needs to be better.  ↗
 " Just keep doing what you're doing; a lot of Americans believe in you, you set the standard for what America was built upon.  ↗
 "   Agreed! Haters! just because they won't ever have the half the intelligence of Mr. Trump!"  ↗
 "    Mr. Trump don't worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company"  ↗
 "   . Why are you even using T mobile? I don't use T-Mobile, bad service!  ↗
 Thanks , they are all total losers with nothing going for them!  ↗
 "  I'm a TMobile customer 4 10yrs & DT is right. Also he's Presidential unlike Joker in WH now & Hillary the Liar"  ↗
 " .  u am sure Dinald is proud to have your support" Are you drunk John? Also, T-Mobile sucks!  ↗
 " You're the only one for the job! You never take any crap from anyone and that's the kind of president I want! #Trump2016"  ↗
 " My man  is what a president should be"  ↗
 " RT "     is the best service provider  ↗
 "  has already won the election #Trump2016"  ↗
 "  speaks the truth. Refreshing honesty. No politics BS."  ↗
 "  Sure wish you'd get off the pot and start pissing off this Fed Gov by running for Pres.You've got my vote  ↗
 "   then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix"  ↗
 " Your interview on Fox News was great!We need you & the country knows you're the person who can save our country!#Trump2016"  ↗
 " DonaldTrump You sure do look like a natural behind that podium! I can't wait to put my Trump 2016 sign in my front yard!"  ↗
 " T Mobile service sucks and it took a Trump to call him out!  for President! https://t.co/LKDIBk1Yo7"  ↗
 "     is the best service provider http://t.co/JKJIjBFwmz"  ↗
 " LRT: never thought I would agree with  on anything.   "   ↗
 . You service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball!   ↗
 . T-Mobile service is terrible! Why can't you do something to improve it for your customers. I don't want it in my buildings.  ↗
 " The best #custserv in hospitality is at  's  hotel! Just super!"  ↗
 Without passion, you don't have energy; without energy, you have nothing. Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion!  ↗
 South Carolina and the audience were GREAT - THANKS!  ↗
 Thank you very much for the nice story, I greatly appreciate it-  ↗
 Spoke to a capacity crowd at Horry County Republican event earlier today.  ↗
 Heading to South Carolina now - meeting with fantastic people!  ↗
