 Will be interviewed on the  this morning at 7:00. Talking about politics, polls and whatever. Enjoy!  ↗
 Just got back from Iowa. Fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. Will be back again soon. Thanks!  ↗
 Heading to Iowa to a packed house. Just released polls, all first place, are amazing. Thank you!  ↗
 Thank you . I am going to Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Great American heroes who averted an attack in France. THANK YOU! Spencer Stone, Anthony Sadler, & Alex Skarlatos.  ↗
 True, thanks.  ↗
 "  he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he TRUMPED again ! #Trump #tcot #Election2016"  ↗
 "    Because he speaks & acts like a real person; not like a slimy, calculated politician."  ↗
 "  Trump is the ONLY person capable of fixing this corrupt, bankrupt, divided country! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  ↗
 Thanks.  ↗
 Another good poll result in the great state of SC. Trump at 30%. Carson at 15% and Bush at 9%.  ↗
 Congrats . You just got 4 points in your home state of SC—far better than zero nationally. You’re only 26 pts behind me.  ↗
 "  Rubio and Bush cant say Wall. I guess it is not pc. Just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !!  ↗
 "    I could not agree more ! I now flip to other channels at 9:00pm"  ↗
 "  ... I LIVED IN NY WHEN "TACKY PATAKI" WAS GOV... HE WAS A TOTAL DISASTER FOR THE PEOPLE OF NEW YORK  ↗
 " Gov. Scott Walker has ran Wisconsin's economy into the ground. How dare he criticize you. You would fire him in a second."  ↗
 " No hope for Jeb Bush anymore,  has been on fire! Really hope he can get the win and fix this country!  ↗
 . did a terrible job as Governor of New York. If he ran again, he would have lost in a landslide. He and Graham ZERO in polls  ↗
 Jeb Bush just talked about my border proposal to build a "fence." It's not a fence, Jeb, it's a WALL, and there's a BIG difference!  ↗
 Asians are very offended that JEB said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. A mess!  ↗
 In a clumsy move to get out of his "anchor babies" dilemma, where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it, he blamed ASIANS  ↗
