 " We need a real man in Washington, with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues. Please restore America#Trump2016"  ↗
 " So  has an amazing hotel here in Vegas. Blessed to stay here.  ↗
 " You need to run for Pres. You would restore greatness to America, and have the ability to make a difference. #Trump2016"  ↗
 "  can't wait for your official announcement that you are running #POTUS2016 Go Trump Go"  ↗
 “What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower  ↗
 China has a backdoor into the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This deal does not address currency manipulation. China is laughing at us.  ↗
 The Trans-Pacific Partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. Do not pass it.  ↗
 Republicans should not be giving Obama fast track authority on trade. The Trans-Pacific Partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector  ↗
 The Trans-Pacific Partnership is an attack on America's business. It does not stop Japan's currency manipulation. This is a bad deal.  ↗
 No amnesty. Protect the rule of law! Let’s Make America Great Again  ↗
 I want to negotiate my own, and much better, trade deals for our country. MUST INCLUDE CURRENCY MANIPULATION (and more). DO NOT LET PASS!  ↗
 "  YOUR book OPENED my eyes. I Stand wIth Sr. Trump! AmerIca Needs You to run!"  ↗
 "   congratulations. You area true patriot!"  ↗
 "  no surprise! You are the man!" Thank you!  ↗
 "  Can't wait til you enter the race Mr. Trump. Wait till the Fall after the others have beaten themselves up."  ↗
 " Just saw Trump's new video. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  2016 will be interesting." WATCH ALL!   ↗
 Congratulations to the Republicans in Congress. You are the only people Obama can out negotiate. #TimeToGetTough  ↗
 I'm getting The Commandant's Leadership Award from the U.S.Marines tonight at The Waldorf Astoria - a great honor!   ↗
 "    He's a brilliant businessman - VERY TRUE!  ↗
 Via  by  “ gives public a chance to hear Trump speak”  ↗
 Via  by  “Trump to build five new holes at ”  ↗
 Looking forward to keynoting  Lincoln-Reagan Gala this Friday at The Country Club at The Highlands. Sold out record crowd!  ↗
 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  ↗
 Ailsa Course changes: #TrumpTurnberry What a beautiful place!  ↗
 . You should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing National Review instead of focusing on me. Work hard!   ↗
 " Getting ready for next week with  on Monday.  "  ↗
 " Trump: “If I decide to run and win, I will make this country great again" #FITN http://t.co/OVNVNoW7tT"  ↗
 "  I'd work like a dog to help Trump get elected, no politician can fix the mess in Washington. #Trump2016"  ↗
 .  Wow, just looked at the stats for National Review. Dying fast, doing very little business. Save this conservative voice!  ↗
