" golf at donald trump's place is always a good idea http://t.co/hj7bujG3TG"  ↗
"  Just Do it!✔️"  ↗
" #Trump2016 lets go "  ↗
" I care about are country & that is why ill vote for  if he runs he BETTER run coz Amercia needs saving & FAST"  ↗
"  set's the HIGHEST BAR OF ALL he is great & will #MakeAmericaGrateAgain! He has SMARTS, SAVVY, KNOWHOW! #Tump2016"  ↗
" DonaldTrump Wish I could be there! Can't wait for 06/16/15 @ 11am! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  ↗
Entrepreneurs: Set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?  ↗
Entrepreneurs: There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice.  ↗
Entrepreneurs: Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau, it's a beginning. Get out there & go for it!  ↗
“The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon” - George Washington  ↗
. is proud to be hosting  where all 4 Major Champions will square off. October 2015.  ↗
Via  by Melody Dareing: “Donald Trump Wants to Build a Wall Between U.S. And Mexico”  ↗
Via  “Donald Trump vows to be the 'greatest representative of Christians' if he wins White House”  ↗
All the haters & losers must admit that, unlike others, I never attacked dopey Jon Stewart for his phony last name. Would never do that!  ↗
While Jon Stewart is a joke, not very bright and totally overrated, some losers and haters will miss him & his dumb clown humor. Too bad!  ↗
" My summer would be made if Donald Trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. We need Trump! June 16th!!"  ↗
June 16th-  ↗
Awarded 5 Stars by , ’s  offers Executive Chef ’s new menu  ↗
For those of you that have conveniently forgotten, dummy Jon Stewart is a bad filmmaker. His last effort was a real bomb (in all ways)!  ↗
Jon Stewart is the most overrated joke on television. A wiseguy with no talent. Not smart, but convinces dopes he is! Fading out fast.  ↗
"   A great way to start out the Monday. Thanks!"  ↗
"  I luv Donald Trump, in his sleep he is leaps & bounds over what we have now - I have no doubt he luvs America!"  ↗
"  killed it on "  ↗
"  run !!! We need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !!"  ↗
I will be on  at 7:00 A.M. ENJOY!  ↗
" HEY! I hope to meet  on Thursday in Mason City, IA and get an autograph and a picture! Can't wait!! #Trump2016"  ↗
