 "    MCCAIN WHO? #Vets Give Donald Trump Standing Ovation …"  ↗
 "  Anderson Cooper only wants to hear his answers. Mr. Trump tells the truth and can't be bought Democrat for Trump"  ↗
 Boycott , no guts, no glory. Besides, there are far better stores!  ↗
 "   We the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same Donald will back up his words!!!!"  ↗
 . Has the absolutely worst anti-Trump talking heads on his show. Dopey writer O'brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. A waste!  ↗
 "  I am a veteran from Arizona John McCain voted to give illegal Aliens benefits & take them from disabled Vets"  ↗
 "  The other candidates are scared. Trump tells it like it is. Maybe rich, but talks like he is an everyday Joe"  ↗
 "   America Hears You Donald!!! And The People You Are Running Against Will Hear All Of Us Soon! Donald Donald  ↗
 " Hey  check out Access Hollywood: http://t.co/p8WoUOmDqH" Thank you Dan Rather, we have just begun!  ↗
 . you were terrific on  tonight. I am going to the border tomorrow.  ↗
 "   mr trump, thank you for getting the American people excited about politics again!!!"  ↗
 " We don't know Trump positions & he's dominating polls.  should learn we don't want soft PC Focus Group driven speeches #GOP  ↗
 "  I am not impressed with Luntz. Never have been. What makes him an expert - he has a good racket going."  ↗
 . knows nothing about me or my religion. Came to my office looking for work. I had NO interest. I will save the vets!  ↗
 " Donald Trump was Right ! McCain amongst other RNC's voted to cut US Military Veterans Pensions. http://t.co/DFUFUTIbxY"  ↗
 "  is leaving Rick Perry in the dust,and everyone else for that matter, Donald will be our next POTUS  ↗
 Via  by  "Brody File Exclusive: Donald Trump Comes Out In Support Of 20 Week Abortion Ban"  ↗
 It's going to take an outsider to clean up after Clinton, Bush and Obama. Let's Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Let’s Trump the Establishment! We are no longer silent. We will Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Shouldn’t George Will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on Fox that his wife works for Scott Walker?  ↗
 Will be interviewed by  on  tonight. Let’s see if he treats me fairly—enjoy!  ↗
 Obama still will keep all military recruitment centers & bases Gun Free Zones! It has to stop. MILITARY LIVES MATTER!  ↗
 “Donald Trump on VA woes: ‘I’d fire everybody’; ‘you fix it by getting Trump elected’” via  by   ↗
 Via @ BreitbartNews by  “DONALD TRUMP HEADING TO TEXAS BORDER”  ↗
 Thank you  for your commentary last night on . Very fair -- we are making progress together!  ↗
 I'm going to the BORDER tomorrow. Will be seeing some really brave people. Look forward to a big day!  ↗
 . in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. Hypocrite!  ↗
 True, thanks.  ↗
 "    keep punching, Donald! Trump it!! Trump is telling the truth!"  ↗
