 "  Trump rocked Iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters  ↗
 " I don't know how any American can watch this video and not want to vote for  🇺🇸   ↗
 "  please make this country great again & help secure our borders Mr. Trump, you're our last hope.   ↗
 "  Are you going to come to Wisconsin in the near future? Yes.  ↗
 " Mr. Trump, Sir, this country is, and has been, on a path of self destruction and needs you to MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!"  ↗
 "  There's only one I'll never support:   ↗
 " Knows how to get things done. He has guts to say what needs to be said. He'll deal with Putin more effectively than anyone."  ↗
 " I hated to love it, but  was hilarious on  last night!    ↗
 Had a record crowd in Boone, Iowa. A fantastic day--- we will  ↗
 I am having a great time in Iowa at Jack Trice Stadium! Unbelievable people.  ↗
 Too many people on stage for debate.  at 11th, with 2% in , shouldn't be allowed to participate.  ↗
 I truly understood the appeal of Ron Paul, but his son, , didn't get the right gene.  ↗
 Lightweight Senator  should focus on trying to get elected in Kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him.  ↗
 Donald Trump Sends  to Highest Friday Rating in 18 Months. , that is   ↗
 Trump’s Campaign Hat Becomes an Ironic Summer Accessory - The New York Times.  ↗
 . thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated!  ↗
 Will be on  at 8:00. Enjoy!  ↗
 "   That's awesome when younger people can see we need Trump!"  ↗
 " International Hotel & Golf Links. Luxury resort in on Ireland's    ↗
 "  Ignore the losers and the haters, you are going to make this country great again"  ↗
 " Trump 96% success rate in business, only 4 out of 100+ companies went south. Better than any other candidate. Better than all"  ↗
 " You were a great sport on the show and I have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making America great again.  ↗
 "  does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul.  ↗
 " "I fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong"-"  ↗
 "  I want our president to be smart AND witty like you Mr Trump" Thanks.  ↗
 " If  doesn't become the next president, then that just shows how dumb America really is.  Nice, thanks!  ↗
 " you on Jimmy lastnight & how you showed you like to have fun/are able to laugh at yourself! Do you ever sleep tho? Not much  ↗
 "  My Dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you.  Great.  ↗
 " Carson on  now. He is worse than Jeb; like ambien for insomnia. We need energy in the White House. We need DonaldTrump  ↗
 "  blew it away on . The ratings will be HUUUGE."  ↗
 "    Great show! Trump you are Awesomeness! God Bless!  ↗
 " What are your thoughts on your good friend Tom Brady's performance yesterday? He was fantastic, a total winner!  ↗
 " Mr. Trump, you weren't just HUGE on  - you were AWESOME. WISDOM and HUMOR ARE A POWERFUL COMBINATION!!!"  ↗
 " At the neighborhood bar talking about  we need him" We will make America great again!  ↗
 "    You even made the show great again."  ↗
 "    Trump will be our leader and we will be thankful!"  ↗
 " If I was 18 I'd vote for " Thank you!  ↗
 "    absolutely, he's just simply the best   ↗
 "    loved the show....trump2016"  ↗
 "  is the only candidate against illegals. We will have America back - & jobs"  ↗
