 "    Great champions!  ↗
 " Thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the  Proud to be a Texas Fellow "  ↗
 "  cant wait til your anouncment . You have my vote . Lets make america great again"  ↗
 "  I hope you run. America needs it badly."  ↗
 " 2 minutes 20 in, politicians need lobbyist money.I don't, I have lots of money  4prez  ↗
 "   I'm still expecting  to swoop in and save the day" Stay tuned.  ↗
 " My prediction:  will declare his candidacy near Memorial Day or July 4th.   ↗
 With Sen. Elizabeth Dole &  Caregiver Fellows. Tremendous people caring for our military & veterans!  ↗
 Incredible progress at  – Punta del Este, Uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic!  ↗
 “Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny.” – Harry S. Truman  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules.  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Work on what you will be proud to be associated with. Make your work count.  ↗
 Entrepreneurs: Be tough, be smart, be personable -- but don't take things personally. That's good business.  ↗
 TPP does not stop Japan’s currency manipulation & China has a backdoor to join. It must be stopped. We need to protect the American worker!  ↗
 Our debt finances China’s military. It's time to get tough – we hold all the cards. Let’s Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Via  by  “Donald Trump Will End Outsourcing If President”  ↗
 FLASHBACK via  from 2004: “Donald Trump Would 'Fire' Bush Over Iraq Invasion” It's called great vision.  ↗
 “Trump: I created tens of thousands of jobs” via  by   ↗
 Remember when Jeb gave Hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of Benghazi?! Guess he would have invaded Libya too!  ↗
 Host of the  & ,  is home to 4 unique courses including the famous Blue Monster  ↗
 Congrats to  on his new  show! Greg makes great TV and is a terrific guy.  ↗
 "  Mr Trump you could become the best POTUS of all time. Your business scorecard speaks for itself." Thanks.  ↗
 "  is living proof that with hard work and dedication, you can accomplish your biggest dreams."  ↗
 " " "  ""  ↗
