"  You're the type of guy we need in the White House You want to see the USA at the top"  ↗
" Timing is relevant. This is your time. The other candidates don't have an answer, if they did they'd use it, Trump Time!"  ↗
" Presidential candidates are about to be Trumped This will be a landslide the Country is ready for a leader with results"  ↗
"    Great news!"  ↗
" believe the Country is going to think when voting for our next President It's about results that's why Trump runs he wins"  ↗
Via  by  "In Raleigh, Donald Trump all but announces presidential bid"  ↗
Just received a standing ovation at #NCGOPCon when I said, "We need to bring the American Dream back better and stronger than ever before!"  ↗
Just said at #NCGOPCon that "I'm not beholden to lobbyists and donors! No special interest would control me if I were in office."  ↗
Just made the point at #NCGOPcon that "we have to protect our border & I think everyone here knows, nobody can build a wall like Trump!"  ↗
Just received applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "People ask me why I may run for President-- I might so we can Make America Great Again!  ↗
Just said at #NCGOPcon that "politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! We need action and results to move forward!"  ↗
Received a standing applause at #NCGOPcon when I said "to have free trade be fair for the US we need really intelligent negotiators."  ↗
Just Introduced at #NCGOPcon as the country's highest paid speaker. Told the record crowd of 650 I am to be speaking here for free!  ↗
Going to North Carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd!  ↗
" A visionary who loves America > " Thanks.  ↗
" I can't wait for  announcement on June 16." Great.  ↗
"  you are the man for the job"  ↗
"  the time is now, please get out in front of the herd and announce, give us some hope"  ↗
"  DT is a better choice than ANY candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity & national security."  ↗
"     It's about time we had a president who doesn't need to care about his money"  ↗
"    exactly he knows how to win important"  ↗
