 Thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great Marines killed today.  ↗
 . failed on the border. He should be forced to take an IQ test before being allowed to enter the GOP debate.  ↗
 . just gave a pollster quote on me. He doesn't understand what the word demagoguery means.  ↗
 . should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!  ↗
 The thousands of people that showed up for me in Phoenix were amazing Americans.  called them "crazies"--must apologize!  ↗
 CNN: "New GOP polls show Trump's favorability is up"   ↗
 “No government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. So governments' programs, once launched, never disappear.” – Ronald Reagan  ↗
 More Bush cronyism – “Jeb Bush and the Common Core Money Trail” It’s the Bush way!  ↗
 We need leaders who can negotiate great deals for Americans. It is common sense. Let’s Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Leaving for New Hampshire now. Making a speech—packed house. Love it!  ↗
 The Iran deal poses a direct national security threat. It must be stopped in Congress. Stand up Republicans!  ↗
 The worst show in Las Vegas, in my opinion, is . Hokey garbage. New York show even worse!  ↗
 Dopey  O’Donnell, whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings, said that my Apprentice $ numbers were wrong. He is a fool!  ↗
 No deal is better than a bad deal. America out negotiated again. #Iran  ↗
 FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Blasts Obama for Failing to Secure Christian Pastor’s Freedom in Iran" via ’  ↗
 Via  by  “Trump Talks Politics at His Virginia Winery”  ↗
 Via  “Trump is Right: Illegal Alien Crime is Staggering in Scope and Savagery”  ↗
 “30,000 MACY’S CUSTOMERS RETALIATE IN SUPPORT OF DONALD TRUMP” via  by   ↗
 Is this true about Univision and Fusion? Wow!?!  ↗
 Via  by Steve Bannon: “‘TIME TO GET TOUGH’: TRUMP’S BLOCKBUSTER POLICY MANIFESTO”  ↗
 " as a legal immigrant I'm so glad someone standing up for us, the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here" Thx  ↗
 "   The Democratic party has never given latinos anything! Just manipulate them through Univision."  ↗
 They are great people!  ↗
 Thank you.  ↗
 " I literally give a fist pump when I see  tell things the way they are & calling out those with no credibility"  ↗
 "   . And the Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists."  ↗
 "  Yea, but you know the only problem I see? The Donald is the ONLY one willing to tell it like it is!!"  ↗
 "   we never shopped at Macy's anyway & will now encourage three daughters not to as well"  ↗
 . wasted $400 million + and didn’t win one race—a total loser.   ↗
 . You shouldn’t have  on the air—he’s a clown with zero credibility—a Bushy!  ↗
 . Great talking to you and your parents—fantastic people. Keep your sister’s very important memory alive—big impact!  ↗
 . Thank you, you were great. You can defend me anytime. Amazing job.  ↗
 "   GO TRUMP"  ↗
 I hope the boycott of  continues forever. So many people are cutting up their cards. Macy's stores suck and they are bad for U.S.A.  ↗
 I loved firing goofball atheist Penn  on The Apprentice. He never had a chance. Wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness.  ↗
 I hear  show on Broadway is terrible. Not surprised, boring guy (Penn). Without The Apprentice, show would have died long ago.  ↗
 Irrelevant clown  sweats and shakes nervously on  as he talks "bull" about me. Has zero cred. Made fool of himself in '12.  ↗
 " Donald Trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. Every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is." So true!  ↗
