 Join us at 10pmE on   with !  ↗
 #ICYMI: I joined with  on  this evening.  ↗
 " No one can take  down because it is the WILL of the people for him to win!  ↗
 "  When you become president, we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed"  ↗
 "   Trump supporters are a very loyal breed! We see the truth, only Trump can fix this mess we are in  ↗
 Looking forward to watching the legendary  interview my family (and me) tonight on  at 10:00. Many things to talk about!  ↗
 "  You are amazing Mr. Trump! Thank you!!!" So nice.  ↗
 Tune into the legendary  at 10pmE on  tonight. for a full hour    ↗
 .  Please thank Charles Lane for his new found confidence. He has made a very good bet!  ↗
 "  ROLL TIDE"  ↗
 "  North Carolina. Come on down." Will be there very soon!  ↗
 "  Alabama loves you" Great!  ↗
 "  I'll be in attendance.  Nice!  ↗
 " Awesome news. Keep your focus on the issues. You just might get more blue collar Democrats to vote for you than Reagan."  ↗
 . Thank you, a very wise bet! Best wishes.  ↗
 Just got back from South Carolina. Going to Alabama tomorrow!  ↗
 . is weak on illegal immigration & totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be   ↗
 The legendary  interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on  . Don't miss it!  ↗
 . should focus on running & all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude, & not be so focused on me!  ↗
 Can you believe the worst Mayor in the U.S., & probably the worst Mayor in the history of  , just called me a blow hard!  ↗
 Thank you for a great afternoon, South Carolina! See you next Tuesday!  ↗
 I didn't suggest a database-a reporter did. We must defeat Islamic terrorism & have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America  ↗
 Under our President, ISIS is gaining great strength-  ↗
 My family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary  tonight  - 10pmE.  ↗
 ., a Fox contributor, isn't smart enough to know what is going on at the border.  made the point far better!  ↗
 Going to South Carolina now, great place, SRO crowd. Iowa was amazing yesterday!  ↗
 The media must denigrate ISIS at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. These are low level degenerates, NOT masterminds!  ↗
 The media must immediately stop calling ISIS leaders "MASTERMINDS." Call them instead thugs and losers. Young people must not go into ISIS!  ↗
