 " Our passion for  is amazing!   ↗
 "     HISPANICS UNITED TO MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN   ↗
 "   why would I watch ANYONE who trusted THIS GUY with nuclear codes?    ↗
 " Hey  --> FLASHBACK: Jeb Bush Admitted ‘Leaky’ Immigration Led to 9/11  WOW!  ↗
 " We finally have a voice with !   ↗
 "    i don't care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just FAIR and BALANCED"  ↗
 " Link of the day! Most popular link among people I follow is by "  ↗
 " The problem is  was a weak establishment candidate who couldn't even turn out the base. Weak at best!"  ↗
 "   why does Fox even talk to Will? He is clueless and doesn't represent what our party is about."  ↗
 "  Been boycotting her since 1st debate Mr. Trump and so have plenty of other decent people. Ratings R going down😃  ↗
 "   George is full of Crap SC Element TV's Are CHINESE MADE. WHAT A LIAR!!"  ↗
 "  Good interview with Chris! Chris even gave you a thumbs up for POTUS"  ↗
 " The Definition of a Pretentious Establishment Henchman is  . He is such a sourpuss, HATES   ↗
 Best thing my supporters can do if you don't like the way  and her puppets unfairly treat "us" is don't watch her show!  ↗
 "   So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!"  ↗
 "   I'm watching it again right now in California"  ↗
 "   Can't wait for  to jump on the TRUMP Train as Chris Wallace just did!" Won't happen!  ↗
 "  We want Donald !! Yah next president!  We will all MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 "  Great interview!" Thanks  ↗
 "   A must see. Trump is brilliant. as usual !!!!   ↗
 "  Pampered  who never had a real job has no problem w/USA losin jobs 2 foreign countries "  ↗
 "   It was Excellent interview sir. May watch it again. Trump 2016"  ↗
 "  Sir. Chris Wallace believes that you can be elected president.Great Great news for America!   ↗
 "  THANK YOU for speaking out against Common Core and how horrible it is for kids!"  ↗
 " Again SNL (10/17) exposes CarlyFiorina as failed CEO, an unwanted Senatorial candidate, & GOD forbid next Prez   ↗
 "   So far this is one of the BEST interviews with Trump.!!" Thank you.  ↗
 "  we were attacked on ur brothers watch. That's not safe. I have respect 4 GW but truth is no WMD in Iraq & 911  ↗
 "   The TV's made in SC are Element Electronics Come on guys.  is right    ↗
 "   is correct u can't allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more $$$ holding up huge #'s of jobs."  ↗
 "    . Chris this is awesome what an interview. Go donald"  ↗
 Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace will be re-broadcast on  at 6:00 P.M.  ↗
 " I believe  can make ERICA GREAT again  Thank you!  ↗
 "    Jeb is no conservative in my book. Common core is a disaster."  ↗
 "  Quit Jeb Quit. Your poll is even lower than your apprentice Rubio. "  ↗
 "  Can't Stump the Trump"  ↗
 "  Donald Trump is the only candidate for middle class America    ↗
 "   GW Bush was open borders like . TERRORISTS CAN COME ACROSS MEXICAN BORDER AT WILL!"  ↗
 " An Incredibly Strong Interview Of  , Good Response IC Those  NaySayers dissapating!"  ↗
 "   Couldn't have said it, better... Nothing "fake" about you, sir."  ↗
 "  Dude,  's tactics are just on a level we've never seen before.   ↗
 " Read this DJT full-p ad from 1989 and tell me DonaldTrump is a Johnny-Come-Lately "fake" conservative:  ↗
 "'s right. Trump on 9/11 happening on Bush's watch: With my immigration policy, I doubt those ppl wld have been in the country  ↗
 Just reported by CNN that "the Trump halo effect" caused a record-shattering Democratic Debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. So true!  ↗
 It's amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the Wall Street Journal, in particular a real dope named Charles Lane!  ↗
 "   LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street Journal!!!"  ↗
 "   LOVED the brutal zinger against the Wall Street journal!!!"  ↗
 I will be interviewed by Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on  - Turn off the football for 15 minutes, Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Replay of Fox News Sunday With Chris Wallace at 2:00 P.M. on . Big statement made by Chris!  ↗
 "  I don't think  will cave. They've seen ratings soar with  and Money matters!"  ↗
 "  Trump wins, hands down: Jeb is weak, Rubio is broke."  ↗
 "  Get a life George Will. USA doesn't make anything anymore. TRUMP will bring manufacturing Back to USA!"  ↗
 I should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that Penn  hand delivered to me. Minds would be changed very fast!  ↗
 " never thought I'd say this but  sparking a critical conversation on reality that Bush didn't keep US safe  ↗
 "  One of the best interviews I have seen!"   ↗
 "    Joe have U resigned to the inevitable? Take UR seat on the  ↗
 "  Chris Wallace: "After my interview and listening to his answers, I think Donald Trump could be President  ↗
 "    Of course they're going up! Trump is going to WIN this!!  Thanks.  ↗
 "  is what we need to fix this mess! Im only 11 but my parents are voting for Trump!"  ↗
 "  just admitted DonaldTrump will probably be the Republican nominee!   ↗
 Does everyone remember  and his famous remarks about "self-deportation" and "47%". He was done. I don't need his angry advice!  ↗
 . and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost!  ↗
 . can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because I have been openly hard on his terrible "choke" loss to Obama!  ↗
 "  Loving  interview.  Thank you.  ↗
 .  ↗
 Jeb, why did your brother attack and destabalize the Middle East by attacking Iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? Bad info?  ↗
 This morning Chris Wallace has the best political show on television - but that's only because I'm on it (kidding)! Have fun.  ↗
 Jeb Bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. Also, Rubio is hitting him hard!  ↗
 On at 9:00A.M. or 10:00 A.M. (depending on your location) on Fox is a tough but really good interview with Chris Wallace. Enjoy!  ↗
 " Donald Trump is so far ahead in two key state polls.  Thanks Clayton  ↗
