 " In full support of  for  No reason he shouldn't win the  nomination.  ↗
 "   and Walker is destroying once great Wisconsin universities.  ↗
 "  unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! NEXT"  ↗
 " .DonaldTrump: Ask  why he left 1,000+ WI jobs on the table due to a political deal with the  Potawatomi  ↗
 " I'm a 10th generation American of Spanish descent I support DonaldTrump Hispanic DOESN'T mean ILLEGAL  ↗
 . is a nice guy, but not presidential material. Wisconsin is in turmoil, borrowing to the hilt, and doing poorly in jobs etc.  ↗
 "  vets tired of McCain using them as talking points and photo ops, AND NOTHING BEING DONE."  ↗
 "  EN. Thank you Trump"  ↗
 "  College students love trump. Never change." Great.  ↗
 "   GIVE THEM HELL."  ↗
 "  I just listened to this speech and loved it!"  ↗
 "  Trump is the only candidate who doesn't test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. True  ↗
 "  He built up his company to be prosperous and successful. Why can't he do the same with America?   ↗
 "  DonaldTrump-Love him! It's time to run America like a business. We've given all our wealth to China n Mexico!! No more!  ↗
 "  Hats off to  for sticking it to liberal msm. " A horrible newspaper, failing badly.  ↗
 "  If I were Walker, I'd be afraid of Trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty, benefits, pathway for illegals"  ↗
 "  veterans for Trump 2016"  ↗
 " Whoa!  shoots up to 28% in YouGov from 15% two wks ago; outperforms McCain in favorables among Vets. Great  ↗
 " Please don't change a thing. Your attitude is exactly what this country needs.No tip-toeing, this man tells it how it is!"  ↗
 " Tweet of the Hour in USA politics by    ↗
 "  you got my vote" Thanks.  ↗
 " TRUMP ON JOBS. pls rt    ↗
 Always great to speak with Veterans - our nation's heroes. We will Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Great success in Iowa today. Fantastic sold out crowd. Will be back soon!  ↗
 Packed venue of people who want to  ↗
 Supporters waiting to hear me speak in Oskaloosa, Iowa.  ↗
 . despite your coming to my office to give me an award, your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart!  ↗
 . Congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. You are  a true winner and will be an amazing couple.  ↗
 .’s is a big contributor to  . Anybody against Planned Parenthood should boycott racial profiling Macy’s.  ↗
 Isn't it funny that I am now in the money losing  (poll), and by a big margin. Dummy  must be thrilled!  ↗
 The ultra liberal and seriously failing Des Moines Register is BEGGING my team for press credentials to my event in Iowa today-but they lie!  ↗
 "   Trump in office restores US swagger."  ↗
 "  Donald Trump if he stops running for president he's not what we the people think he is." Will never happen!  ↗
 "   the Donald is crushing it"  ↗
 Big poll just out by  has me in 1st. place by a lot. A great honor but we have a long way to go to MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 Getting ready to go to Iowa today. Big crowd - will be a great day!  ↗
 "  WHAT U REALLY SHOULD B ANGRY ABT IS THE INVASION OF MILLIONS OF ILLEGALS TKING OVER ERICA! NOT DonaldTrump  ↗
 "  you're going to turn America around Donald I can feel it"  ↗
 "  Please Mr. Trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!!"  ↗
 "  MY GOD! WHY can't the GOP see that Trump is doing this solely 4 R country! He HAD a VERY comfortable life!"  ↗
 " In my Lifetime I've Never Seen Americans Energized, Excited about Voting.  Woke up about 300 Million people  ↗
 "  if trump is not on that stage no one will watch" So true!  ↗
 "  Reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and Trumpenomics will create 16 million more"  ↗
 "   If not for Donald, who'd watch GOP upcoming debate? SOUR GRAPES  ↗
 "   I hear same doubters as I heard when Reagan ran against Carter. Press said he'd lose. Reagan WON.  ↗
