 "    everything obama touches goes to hell"  ↗
 "     She'll never go out of style ..." True!  ↗
 "   love this guy - no fake account, spread the word #trumpforprez"  ↗
 "   Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue."  ↗
 " U.S. Is a 'Laughingstock,' Obama 'Has No Clue What He's Doing'  http://t.co/CZRYdKthth"  ↗
 "    I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up ."  ↗
 " Donald Trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the Bronx http://t.co/YxweLz5UCj"  ↗
 " "I wasn't satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement.” – Donald Trump  ↗
 "  for president"  ↗
 Politicians are all talk and no action. Bush and Rubio couldn't answer simple question on Iraq. They will NEVER make America great again!  ↗
 "  we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please; time for real change #trumpforprez"  ↗
 "  Trump hotel Vegas glistening in sunshine http://t.co/o7n1ol784d"  ↗
 "   RunTrump, kick their A** and get it on the right track"  ↗
 "   Melania would be the best looking First Lady we've had in a looong time.  ↗
 "  potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!!" True.  ↗
 "   . The only REAL CAPITALIST you can honestly vote for.  ↗
 "     Beautiful Lady!"  ↗
 "  a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! Do it. #Trump2016"  ↗
 "  Hopefully our future First Lady!!!" She would be amazing!  ↗
 "  would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! America is waiting for him to LEAD us out of this mess!  ↗
 " . "We have a president who has no clue what he's doing." #Greta http://t.co/S97l2WzlYA"  ↗
 "   the art of the deal in action. There's a pinch of Reagan in there." Thank you.  ↗
 " Yesterday  opening day   #golf http://t.co/KzVvAk7euD" A great lady!  ↗
 "  Fed UP with stupid polititians! Donald Trump is SMART! He can make things GO! Please #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!"  ↗
 " Bush and Obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. Trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in America!"  ↗
 "   Please Please run! This country is going down the drain, and it can't continue."  ↗
 "  http://t.co/Zf93Kcv6On"  ↗
 "  YES "Donald" right again...but they had Give'm Hell Harry for Pres...Not Pres Tweedledum & the nanny congress!"  ↗
 "    I agree with this man in every way , too bad more americans don't wake up ."  ↗
 "  You're right Mr. Trump I am fed up with politicians! We need You to Lead America and make our nation Great."  ↗
 "   I love Mr. Trump's honesty. We need an honest and passionate leader and FIRE THE REST!"  ↗
 "   he is transforming America"  ↗
 "  must run & must win! #2016"  ↗
 Good advice from my mother: "Trust in God and be true to yourself." -- Mary Trump  ↗
 Good advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump  ↗
 “ elated at official grand opening of ” via  by   ↗
 In business, you make decisions that are in your best interests. Time for the US gov't to do the same. Let’s Make America Great Again!  ↗
 "  Hi Mr. Trump I was at the new Ferry Point Golf Club today and it is Beautiful!" Thanks. Enjoy!  ↗
 Resolve never to quit, never to give up, no matter what the situation. -- Jack Nicklaus  ↗
 On 800 pristine Miami acres,  boasts luxurious accommodations, world-class dining & championship golf  ↗
 A quote from the late, great golfer, Sam Snead: "Practice puts brains in your muscles!" THIS IS TRUE ALSO IN LIFE.  ↗
 " "Sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure." Donald Trump"  ↗
 " Would rather have a dynamic, experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office DonaldTrump"  ↗
