 " Jeb Bush should support Donald Trump for President" I agree!  ↗
 "   Trump is as Honest as they come. He wants a border and doesn't hide it. #Trumpforpresident"  ↗
 We have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the U.S.A. It can happen!  ↗
 "  my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history.  ↗
 "  we are counting on you, Mr. Trump. I believe you are the answer to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  ↗
 "  enough with #Bush #Clinton and the same faces every damn year. We need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. U r d one"  ↗
 " Baseball, Hotdogs, Apple Pie and a vote for  in 502 days! On 11/08/2016 we make our country great again!"  ↗
 My message, MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN, is beginning to take hold. Bring back our jobs, strengthen our military and borders, help our VETS!  ↗
 My daughter Ivanka did great tonight in New Hampshire. The sold out crowd loved her, and she loved them. Thanks Ivanka!  ↗
 . had better surround herself with better hosts than Nicole Wallace, who doesn't have a clue. The show is close to death!  ↗
 The ratings for The View are really low. Nicole Wallace and Molly Sims are a disaster. Get new cast or just put it to sleep. Dead T.V.  ↗
 I am really beginning to respect Mark Halperin and John Heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why "Trump" poll numbers are high.  ↗
 Just out, the new nationwide  poll has me alone in 2nd place, closely behind Jeb Bush-but Bush will NEVER Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Uncomfortable looking NBC reporter Willie Geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers  ↗
 "  not to mention that there's a whole lot of people who never got asked (me included)!!! #Trump2016" Cute.  ↗
 "  I'm voting for #trump for CEO of these United States, time to haul ass #Trump2016" Great.  ↗
 "  UNMATCHED PRESIDENTIAL CPAIGN...Trump RESTORES America's credit rating to AAA in 3-4 yrs.  ↗
 "  Go get 'em Donald."  ↗
 "  Excellent! I still can't believe voters have Jeb in front of you. Haven't Americans learned anything?" NO!  ↗
 .’s song, “Rockin’ In The Free World” was just one of 10 songs used as background music. Didn’t love it anyway.  ↗
 For the nonbeliever, here is a photo of  in my office and his $$ request—total hypocrite.  ↗
 . A few months ago Neil Young came to my office looking for $$ on an audio deal & called me last week to go to his concert. Wow!  ↗
 My daughter, Ivanka, will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in Manchester, NH #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  ↗
 Thank you.  ↗
 "  Very strong start, Mr. President!" Thanks.  ↗
 Politician  didn't like that I said Baltimore needs jobs & spirit. It's politicians like Cardin that have destroyed Baltimore.  ↗
 The highly respected Suffolk University poll just announced that I am alone in 2nd place in New Hampshire, with Jeb Bust (Bush) in first.  ↗
