 "  I love the fact you can't be "bought"..."  ↗
 "   Just updated voter registration in FL #VoteTrump"  ↗
 "   Latinos for Trump believes in Trump"  ↗
 Getting ready to leave for my GREAT resort, Turnberry, in Scotland. Hosting The Women's British Open (biggest tournament). Will be back Sat.  ↗
 I really like the Koch Brothers (members of my P.B. Club), but I don't want their money or anything else from them. Cannot influence Trump!  ↗
 Thank you.  ↗
 People like lawyer Elizabeth Beck and failed writer Harry Hurt & others talk about me but know nothing about me—crazy!  ↗
 How can a dummy dope like Harry Hurt, who wrote a failed book about me but doesn’t know me or anything about me, be on TV discussing Trump?  ↗
 Trump Will Make America GREAT!!!! #ChangeTheWorldIn5Words  ↗
 ... while Tom Brady is guilty because he REPLACED his LEGAL cellphone?  ↗
 Per  Why does Hillary Clinton get the benefit of the doubt (after she DESTROYS her illegal email server) ...  ↗
 Via  by  “Shock poll: Donald Trump leads Jeb Bush 26-20% … in Florida”  ↗
 "  You are blowing everyone else away. Not just ahead, but doubling. Wow."  ↗
 This is an outrage! Bias-Free Language Guide claims the word 'American' is 'problematic' -- WHAT?!  ↗
 "    Trump's work ethic gives me hope - he's a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner."  ↗
 I truly LOVE all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. There is a great SILENT MAJORITY looming!  ↗
 Thank you  for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing Daily Beast off the air. Really cool!  ↗
 So many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over T.V. and the media as though they have great D.J.T. insight. Know NOTHING!  ↗
 . Why is somebody (Beck) I beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on Donald Trump (all over television). She knows nothing about me.  ↗
 .CNN &  Lawyer Elizabeth Beck did a terrible job against me, she lost (I even got legal fees). I loved beating her,she was easy  ↗
 Lawyer Elizabeth Beck was easy for me to beat. Ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. Got total win and legal fees.  ↗
 . &  did not say that lawyer Beck lost the case and I got legal fees. Also, she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep.  ↗
 "  Mr.Trump,I am thrilled you are running for President of USA.You are the only man for the job!!!  ↗
 Public Policy Polling (PPP) has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with Hispanics - leading all Republican candidates.Told you so  ↗
