Thank you for the support, South Carolina! #USSYorktown #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  ↗
"  I hope you become president!  ↗
" RT  New Iowa poll finds . in the lead by double digits.  ↗
"   is so great towards you. Just doesn't like people on his show to bad mouth you. He is great ."  ↗
"  DonaldTrump preach it brother! First election I've been excited about in many many years. Since Reagan to be exact"  ↗
"   Amen! Looking forward to a happy new year. It's been too long! #voteTrump2016"  ↗
"  Today, "New Iowa poll finds Trump in the lead by double digits" #Trump16"  ↗
"   Hey Hillary, America will feel much safer once you've failed to get into office."  ↗
"  Can't wait for President Trump to put things in order in US. We desperately need patriot with,finally,brains  ↗
Great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in SC. #Trump2016  ↗
Just released  Poll gives me a big 13 point lead in Iowa. Change your false story failing . Thank you Iowa!  ↗
The main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- I believe #ISIS needs to surrender!  ↗
On my way to Charleston/Mount Pleasant, South Carolina. Big crowd. Look forward to it! #USSYorktown  ↗
Statement on Preventing Muslim Immigration:  ↗
Just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred & danger coming into our country. We must be vigilant!  ↗
Thank you Iowa! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #FITN  ↗
I am especially grateful for the tremendous support I have received from the Evangelicals in the just out Iowa CNN poll. Thank you!  ↗
I am greatly honored by the results of the CNN poll in Iowa. In the end, I believe the final results will be even better than that!  ↗
. is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat Donald Trump.The Post doesn’t get that I’m good at winning!  ↗
"  Trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. America believes Trump will get rid of ISIS!"  ↗
Today we honor the fallen at #PearlHarbor, 74 years ago today. If you see a vet today, thank them! #RememberOurVets  ↗
Poor  doesn't have what it takes-  ↗
"Credible Source on 9-11 Muslim Celebrations: FBI"  ↗
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED ERICA. Order yours now--makes a great holiday gift!  ↗
If  ever had to pay fair taxes, its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. The  scam is saving it!  ↗
The  loses money (a deduction) and gives owner  power to screw public on low taxation of ! Big tax shelter  ↗
The , which loses a fortune, is owned by  for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company, .  ↗
N.Y.C. has the worst Mayor in the United States. I hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets, the homeless and crime! Disgrace  ↗
I spoke with other candidates to a Jewish group, many friends, in D.C. I said "I'm a negotiator like you" Got standing O-rated best of day!  ↗
Obama said in his speech that Muslims are our sports heroes. What sport is he talking about, and who? Is Obama profiling?  ↗
Thank you Graham Ledger of the Daily Ledger  for your really fair coverage and your great interview with Peter Roff of U.S. NEWS & W.R.  ↗
