 " Trump has figured out Jeb Bush's greatest weakness as a candidate, and it's not his energy level https://t.co/l4V3EoxXlv"  ↗
 " Trumpachusetts: Donald Trump Tops Poll of Bay State Voters:  AC360" Thanks, great news  ↗
 " Donald Trump is the only person that can make this country great again " I fully agree!  ↗
 " They ALL Want Jobs and a Bright Future. They KNOW Donald Trump is the one and only choice to make that A REALITY!  ↗
 " Donald Trump Leads in Expectations, Shows Strength on Attributes (POLL) - ABC News - via "  ↗
 "“Bush has no money, he’s meeting today with mommy and daddy, and they’re working on his campaign." https://t.co/QTi3NXtSfc"  ↗
 While Jeb Bush is cutting staff and salaries, after having paid ridiculous amounts of money, why did he pay so much in the first place?  ↗
 " 20 Reasons Why It Should Be Donald Trump in 2016 via " A.J., thank you, soooo nice!  ↗
 " Democrats seem to be more interested in Donald Trump than Hillary Clinton.  ↗
 " TRUMP: JEB BUSH HAS NO MONEY, HE'S MEETING WITH MOMMY AND DADDY- CAN'T RUN HIS OWN CPAIGN https://t.co/2znAQAm7Ry"  ↗
 . is slashing campaign salaries, people making millions. If he can't manage his campaign, how can he manage our countries finances?  ↗
 . had a tiny 300 person crowd at Senator Tim Scott's forum. I had thousands, and they had real passion!  ↗
 . is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign & not enough talking about America's future.  ↗
 Expecting a great crowd of amazing people. Questions will be live! #TrumpToday  ↗
 I will be doing the  live from New Hampshire at 7am on Monday morning. #TrumpToday  ↗
 Will be doing a sit down interview with   on Sunday morning at 9:00. Tough questions and hopefully very good answers!  ↗
 Just finished speaking in Jacksonville, Florida. Incredible crowd, fantastic people. Thank you!  ↗
 Saying goodbye to some of my great workers at  in Miami.  ↗
 Leaving for Jacksonville now. See you there! Miami was great.  ↗
 Massive crowds already forming in Jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon! MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 " Donald Trump to host "Saturday Night Live" https://t.co/MBTRL47Nko"  ↗
 " YouGov National Poll Donald Trump Continues To Dominate Field With All Demographics. The Last Refuge  ↗
 " A surprising number of Republicans think Donald Trump is their best hope in 2016 https://t.co/Rq1s5tqBDA"  ↗
 " Hillary Clinton is a deceitful career politician, Donald Trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one.."  ↗
 " Never thought I’d Say…Donald Trump is a Giant Among Gop front runners‼️ cruz=devil rubio=RAGE AGAINST WOMEN carson=JUST TELL ME WHY  ↗
