BREAKING - Border security rally in Phoenix, AZ at 2 MST has been moved to ! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!  ↗
I'm on 's  tonight  & '  @ 10 discussing immigration and lots of other things. ↗
Via  by  “Trump: RNC call was 'congratulatory'”  ↗
"EXCLUSIVE — DONALD TRUMP ON THE GOP PRIMARY: ‘IF I WIN, I WILL BEAT HILLARY’" via  by Katie McHugh  ↗
Via  by Katie McHugh:"POLL: DONALD TRUMP LEADS THE PACK AS GOP FRONTRUNNER"  ↗
Obama and Republicans are hollowing out our military. Now want to cut troop levels. Lowest level in over 20 years.  ↗
The elites want Common Core so they can take education out of parental control. NO! Let's Make America Great Again!  ↗
True, thanks.  ↗
"  let Trump speak. He is only saying what the rest of us, including you, already know are a huge problem!"  ↗
Thanks.  ↗
“TRUMP BATTLES THE NEW TOTALITARIANS: GOP elites join with leftists at Media Matters in targeting threat to both”  ↗
"  thank you for telling it how it is, no one else will address these issues. You have my vote."  ↗
Via “TRUMP: HILLARY PRESIDENCY WILL CAUSE ‘CRIME WAVE LIKE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN’” via   ↗
“ 'Trump Has Changed the Entire Debate on Immigration'” via  by Jason Devaney  ↗
" Trump: Keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate. You're pissing off all the right people in the GOP."  ↗
Why does a failed magazine like  constantly seek out trivial nonsense? Their circulation way down.   ↗
Dummy   Tiny fragrance deal with Parlux means nothing. Still sold at Trump Tower...  ↗
Dummy  from failing  magazine: NASCAR deal was 1 nite ballroom, ESPN was small golf outing...  ↗
Dummy writer  from failing  magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important…  ↗
"  keep up the tempo and don't listen to the RNC! You are correctly presenting what people want."  ↗
"   Again ..not news.. news is.. he leads NC & will have NH on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth."  ↗
Via  “Stop Complaining About Donald Trump”  ↗
Watched chief negotiator for Iran on  last night. He is far smarter than our reps—increase sanctions and walk!  ↗
"  Donald Trump , keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target, I support you completely"  ↗
"   a lot of us support Trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else"  ↗
"  gop or dem, you have to love Trumps blunt honesty. So many things wrong most won't point out. Borders big problem"  ↗
Totally false reporting on my call with  Priebus. He called me, ten minutes, said I hit a “nerve", doing well, end!  ↗
"   Like Harry Truman, you tell them the truth and they think it's hell. Give em hell Donald"  ↗
"  & rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like  - affects everything in society.  ↗
"   The Donald is the only good Republican candidate, in my opinion. Rubio, Perry, etc??? Um, no."  ↗
"  Krauthammer sold some books, now "His Pomposity" thinks he knows US Pres politics....just another DC insider!"  ↗
"    both fools & out of touch with reality! We need Trump # 45   ↗
"   Only good candidate in this GOP field is you sir! Go Trump.  Thank you.  ↗
"  He is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of  and   ↗
You mean George Bush sends our soldiers into combat, they are severely wounded, and then he wants $120,000 to make a boring speech to them?  ↗
Jeb's brother George insisted on a $100,000 fee and $20,000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. Not nice!  ↗
Do you believe that highly overrated political pundit  said this is the best Republican field in 35 years. What a dope!  ↗
