. spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. Really weird, she's being driven crazy!  ↗
"    great interview! Speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick!" Thank you!  ↗
Weak and totally conflicted people like  shouldn't be allowed on television unless given an I.Q. test. Dumb as a rock!   ↗
"   . The people do not care what politician said about Trump . We still support him all the way"  ↗
Great interview tonight  - very professionally done.   ↗
"  You're a funny guy! Vote:  https://t.co/RltPmxcifL"  ↗
"   Megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. #ItIsntAboutHer"  ↗
"    this is the best interview so far. Honest, well reasoned and without all the name calling.  ↗
" Mr Trump did you deny Megyn Kelly. What is her issue! I used to like her. Can't stand her now. Very little talent!   ↗
Thank you  for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been  Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!  ↗
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas:  ↗
Why does  bore their audience with people like , a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!  ↗
., who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly, is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch, zero talent!   ↗
. on  at 10:00 P.M.  ↗
Thank you for all of your support, South Carolina! #Trump2016  ↗
I am interviewed on the  tonight at 8:00. Then at 10:00, I am interviewed by  on . Enjoy!  ↗
"Carter Banned Iranians From Coming To U.S. During Hostage Crisis"  ↗
" Haim Saban: Hillary Clinton’s Top Hollywood Donor Demands Racial Profiling of Muslims"  ↗
The police in London say I’m right. Major article in Daily Mail. “We can’t wear uniform in our own cars.”  ↗
Thank you - you finally get it!  ↗
Thank you, Piers, they don't know what they're getting into.  ↗
. of Philadelphia, who is doing a terrible job, should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.Low life!  ↗
I am signing copies of my book CRIPPLED ERICA. Makes a great holiday gift. Order yours now! … …  ↗
"Rupert Murdoch Defends Trump: 'Complete Refugee Pause' Makes Sense' "  ↗
I told you  Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany  ↗
"  did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? Ignorance" Yes, he is a crude dope!  ↗
"    https://t.co/QrsEZy8U3e" Wow!  ↗
"   People forget the policies of leaders like  allowed 9/11 killers to immigrate, drive, & pilot planes"  ↗
Hillary Clinton does not have the STRENGTH or STINA to be President. We need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble!  ↗
The last person corrupt Hillary Clinton wants to run against is Donald J. Trump. I'll end up beating her in every state. New Fox Poll-Trump!  ↗
The failing  does not mention the new  Poll that has me leading Iowa by a massive 13 points - I am at 33%. Maggie Haberman, sad!  ↗
