Thank you  for the nice things you said about Melania. You will like her, great heart and smart - always wanting to help people!  ↗
" Overwhelming wins by  in primaries will prove what will happen (landslide) in the general election.  ↗
" Going to see  tomorrow in franklin TN   ↗
" DonaldTrump your kicking everyone's ASS! always believed in this Country ! your going to make America Great Again ! Mr President!  ↗
"  great numbers  Thanks.  ↗
"    Melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with Class and Dignity   ↗
"  It'd be humorous to cull tweets from "experts" over past few mos who have predicted Trump's immediate collapse"  ↗
" Trump's big lead in a new poll and whether Jeb's "stuff happens" was taken out of context with  tonight" Thanks H!  ↗
"   Jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot   ↗
"   You will be the next president of the USA!! Thank you Mr Trump. Sincerely the middle class!!"  ↗
" Megan Kelly admitted Trump was leading by a lot!! That talk with Ailes must have worked... Time to get tough. TRUMP 2016"  ↗
" RT " Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters…   ↗
" Don't slow down the Trump storm... American needs leadership not a Paper President like Obama. Don't leave us with Jeb!"  ↗
" Polling Convergence - OAN/GRAVIS and Reuters Show Donald Trump Surging With 34 - 35% Support... via  ↗
" P. Diddy is a fan of Donald Trump:   ↗
" Donald Trump Leads by 9 Points in Pew Poll – Jeb Bush in Free Fall   ↗
Pictures of my beautiful mother, amazing father, and family hanging  in upstate, New York.  ↗
Congratulations to my brother Robert & Ann Marie on the success of  in Dutchess County, New York (Amenia.) Great food!  ↗
" Pastor Robert Jeffres accurately gushes about Donald Trump  Pastor Jeffres is a great guy!  ↗
" Why Buffalo Bills could be responsible for Donald Trump becoming president  Team has a great owner!  ↗
"  Virginians stand with you sir!   ↗
Will be in Nashville, Tennessee, tomorrow (Saturday) at 2:30 P.M. So much to talk about - see you there!  ↗
I was so looking forward to being in Virginia Beach, Virginia, today. The demand for tickets was amazing. Good luck with storm, back soon!  ↗
