 A wonderful afternoon in Iowa! Great people! Heading now to Florida - tomorrow, South Carolina!  ↗
 A great evening in Iowa! Thank you Des Moines Area Community College for a great forum!  ↗
 John Kasich was managing director of Lehman Brothers when it crashed, bringing down the world and ruining people's lives. A total failure!  ↗
 Once John Kasich announced he was running for president, and opened his mouth, people realized he was a complete & total dud!  ↗
 John Kasich fell right into President Obama’s trap on ObamaCare, and the people of Ohio are suffering for it. Shame!  ↗
 Doesn’t help Kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else - he’s almost last.  ↗
 I loved beating John Kasich in the debates, but it was easy—he came in dead last!  ↗
 Kasich has already spent $6 million on ads in New Hampshire and his numbers have gone down. People from NH are smart!  ↗
 Watch Kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads I will sue him just for fun!  ↗
 I want to do negative ads on John Kasich, but he is so irrelevant to the race that I don’t want to waste my money.  ↗
 John Kasich, despite being Governor of Ohio, is losing to me in the Ohio polls. Pathetic!  ↗
 John Kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image, not negative ads on me.  ↗
 Governor Kasich, whose failed campaign & debating skills have brought him way down in the polls, is going to spend $2.5 million against me.  ↗
 The legendary Barbara Walters interviews Melania Trump and me on a special this Friday night at 10:00 on ABC. Don't miss it!  ↗
 Thank you Worcester, Massachusetts! ↗
 Just the beginning & it is going to get worse. Rates & deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it.  ↗
 I told you! Premiums are soaring!  ↗
 Thank you for your support! Together we can   ↗
 The POLICE in Paris did a fantastic job. Very brave - not easy!  ↗
 Everyone is now saying how right I was with illegal immigration & the wall. After Paris, they’re all on the bandwagon.  ↗
 Eight Syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the U.S. ISIS maybe? I told you so. WE NEED A BIG & BEAUTIFUL WALL!  ↗
