I was so happy when I heard that , one of the most dishonest political outlets, is losing a fortune. Pure scum!  ↗
. ran  into the ground. A change was necessary. Congratulations to  and good luck in the future!  ↗
. is a total low life--- read his past tweets. A dummy with no “it” factor. Will fade fast.  ↗
A great event in Las Vegas, Nevada!  ↗
Just leaving Las Vegas. Unbelievable crowd! Many Hispanics who love me and I love them!  ↗
Thank you!  ↗
"   rocks it everywhere he goes" Thanks.  ↗
Thanks.  ↗
Website Exposing Marco ‘Amnesty’ Rubio Goes Live: A ‘Donor Class Puppet’? - Breitbart  ↗
'The goal is to be the winner': Donald Trump's campaign is for real. Via The Guardian  ↗
"This Man Is the Most Dangerous Political Operative in America" via Bloomberg Politics  ↗
" Wow 5000+ in Line in Las Vegas For our Next President of these United States Mr  !"  ↗
"  we know this and that's why you will be our next President" Thank you.  ↗
" No one else brings the passion, conviction, experience that you have. Your message is resonating w America! I'm excited."  ↗
"    WHEN IS TRUMP COMING TO FLORIDA? CAN'T WAIT.GO TRUMP! . FL FOR TRUMP  ↗
" I haven't missed a speech or interview. Love hearing you speak for ME! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #IBelieve"  ↗
Washington (D.C.) is such a mess - nothing works! I will MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN! It's not going to happen with anyone else.  ↗
"  I would like to nominate  for Speaker of the House" What a great idea, she is a total winner! (Nice)  ↗
Great, Kevin McCarthy drops out of SPEAKER race. We need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job!  ↗
I'm at Trump Int'l Hotel in Las Vegas, tallest/most beautiful building in town. Speaking to another great crowd at Treasure Island (12 noon)  ↗
What a time we all had in Iowa yesterday, massive overflow crowd. Love them!  ↗
Wow, great news! I hear  of Red State was fired like a dog. If you read his tweets, you'll understand why. Just doesn't have IT!  ↗
I hear  is in big trouble. Unlike me, his viewers & ratings are way down & he has become irrelevant—glad I didn’t do his show.  ↗
Wacky  who always seems to be crying (worse than Boehner) speaks badly of me only because I refuse to do his show--a real nut job!  ↗
