 " Top 10 Celebrities Taking DC By Storm This Weekend:What do Donald Trump, model Chrissy Tiegen and Bradley Cooper have in common?  ↗
 I will be interviewed by  tonight on  - Enjoy!  ↗
 " Really hope  decides to run for president. Would love for my first time voting for president to be for him.  ↗
 "  I get why you don't like Goldberg...self-righteous word smithy" True, but with zero talent.   ↗
 I don't know if Hillary will be able to run, she is a walking time bomb!  ↗
 . Really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that's where China and others are beating us. Best!  ↗
 "  To fix America requires SUPERMAN but there is ONE BETTER - DJT" We must MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 . Really important to save National Review from going out of business. We need a true conservative voice!  ↗
 "  you will cream Hillary Clinton in a debate!" I create jobs and build, but should be able to do just fine!  ↗
 " . Serious question, Mr. Trump: Why don't you like ?" Because he is not good at what he does- dying  ↗
 "    Plus fabulous, fantastic, great and tenacious." Love those words.  ↗
 "  We need you in the White House. Straighten out all the mess. Set them straight." Watch.  ↗
 " Driving thru major world cities & seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! Trump won in life. http://t.co/MwV73GyXCw"  ↗
 "   The word spectacular, magnificent and amazing describe anything Mr.Trump puts his name on!"  ↗
 . Not much is as "dead" or irrelevant as National Review thanks to guidance of Goldberg, a total loser! Get some real talent or fold!  ↗
 "  When are you announcing run #PresidentTrump !?" Stay tuned!  ↗
 "   I will give you that. Brilliant buildings in the Trump empire." Thank you!  ↗
 " Are you like another Ross Perot?  " Bigger, better, stronger and richer!  ↗
 "    #Trump2016"  ↗
 "  <---- The thinking man's Chris Christie. Tells it truly. Run. Win."  ↗
 " The last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. Good for us. #MakeAmericaGreatAgain"  ↗
 . A fantastic guy!  ↗
 "   changes at Turnberry makes me want to learn golf. Beautiful!" Thank you, it will be even more amazing!  ↗
 " Awesome entrepreneurial advice from  #TrumpAdvice. That's how "Greats" are made. http://t.co/ABlA7WTts6"  ↗
 Congratulations to  on your book going to number one on Amazon. Great book - Great job!  ↗
 How do you take care of our people if you don't make anything? We don't make anything. We are rapidly losing our manufacturing to China etc.  ↗
 " #37years  finished building of 68-story skyscraper, Trump Tower, in New York. More facts in  app"  ↗
 " Check out this amazing video of DonaldTrump's proposed changes to Turnberry: http://t.co/6Xs1bFNJgk"  ↗
 "  I am #SouthAfrican and I can say, you are 100% correct. Lately we are starting to live in fear. #notgood"  ↗
