 "  Why do they attack Mr Trump? Because he has something they dont. The ability of truth! Trump is here!"  ↗
 "  Mr Trump the only one telling the truth. Liberals can't stand the fact that your are leading in the poll"  ↗
 "   kick there ass Trump"  ↗
 "   I'm on the   ↗
 "  Because she shoots straight like you do, Mr Trump. No bullsh!t. Just TRUTH! #QuitHatin'"  ↗
 Wow,  just wrote the definitive piece on what I said about John McCain  ↗
 One of the reasons I am no fan of John McCain is that our Vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. I will fix VA quickly.  ↗
 Via  “Donald Trump: John McCain Is ‘A Loser’”  ↗
 Why would anybody listen to ? He lost an election that should have easily been won against Obama. By the way,so did John McCain!  ↗
 Congrats to the new Gov. of Texas, , for taking a tough & bold stance at the border. Should have been done long ago by Perry.  ↗
 I have a proven track record supporting our Veterans. Veterans deserve universal access to care. VA scandal proves politicians are inept.  ↗
 ....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care.  ↗
 It's a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our Veterans.....  ↗
 I will make this right for our great Vets!  ↗
 All he does is go on television is talk, talk, talk, but incapable of doing anything.  ↗
 ....John McCain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for Veterans to successfully manage their lives.  ↗
 The Veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years...  ↗
 Captured or not, all our soldiers are heroes!  ↗
 In addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our Vets, John McCain let us down by losing to Barack Obama in his run for President!  ↗
 Just left Family Leadership Summit in Iowa, got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. I will be back soon.  ↗
 Statement on John McCain-  ↗
 I am now in Iowa getting ready to speak. People are always amazed to find out that I am Protestant (Presbyterian). GREAT.  ↗
 The $10 billion (net worth) is AFTER all debt and liabilities. So simple to understand but  &  is just plain dumb!  ↗
 Ratings starved  and  does not cover me accurately. Why can't they get it right - it's really not that hard!  ↗
 Made a speech in Arkansas last night before a record GOP crowd. Great spirit and amazing people. MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 It's driving  & the money losing  post crazy that I am in their poll and they only write bad stories about me!  ↗
 The liberal clown  told her minions at the money losing  to cover me as enterainment. I am in Huff Post Poll.  ↗
 " . makes me proud to be an American" So nice, thank you!  ↗
