 Bernie Sanders totally sold out to Crooked Hillary Clinton. All of that work, energy and money, and nothing to show for it! Waste of time.  ↗
 Elizabeth Warren, often referred to as Pocahontas, just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about Crooked Hillary, who she always hated!  ↗
 Sad to watch Bernie Sanders abandon his revolution. We welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs.  ↗
 If Cory Booker is the future of the Democratic Party, they have no future! I know more about Cory than he knows about himself.  ↗
 I was at  and met Juan Williams in passing. He asked if he could have pictures taken with me. I said fine. He then trashes on air!  ↗
 Hard to believe that Bernie Sanders has done such a complete fold. He got NOTHING for all of the time, energy and money. The V.P. a joke!  ↗
 While Bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people, we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers.  ↗
 Clinton betrayed Bernie voters. Kaine supports TPP, is in pocket of Wall Street, and backed Iraq War.  ↗
 Thank you OHIO! #TrumpPence16  ↗
 Thank you Roanoke, Virginia- be back soon! #TrumpPence16  ↗
 MAKE ERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #TrumpPence16  ↗
 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  ↗
 Great POLL numbers are coming out all over. People don't want another four years of Obama, and Crooked Hillary would be even worse. #MAGA  ↗
 The State of Florida is so embarrassed by the antics of Crooked Hillary Clinton and Debbie Wasserman Schultz that they will vote for CHANGE!  ↗
 Wow, the Republican Convention went so smoothly compared to the Dems total mess. But fear not, the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn!  ↗
 Here we go again with another Clinton scandal, and e-mails yet (can you believe). Crooked Hillary knew the fix was in, B never had a chance!  ↗
 Crooked Hillary Clinton knew everything that her "servant" was doing at the DNC - they just got caught, that's all! They laughed at Bernie.  ↗
 If Bernie Sanders, after seeing the just released e-mails, continues to look exhausted and done, then his legacy will never be the same.  ↗
 Thank you! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  ↗
 Hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened!  ↗
 How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!  ↗
 The new joke in town is that Russia leaked the disastrous DNC e-mails, which should never have been written (stupid), because Putin likes me  ↗
