" I changed parties to vote for you, no one else measures up to you, The GOPe needs a reality check. Our country is at stake"  ↗
Looks like two-time failed candidate Mitt Romney is going to be telling Republicans how to get elected. Not a good messenger!  ↗
Millions of dollars being spent on false TV ads by special interest groups who own Rubio & Cruz.When you see them think of your puppet POLS  ↗
" The establishment doesn't like you because they can't control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off."  ↗
Because of me, the Republican Party has taken in millions of new voters, a record. If they are not careful, they will all leave. Sad!  ↗
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Video:  ↗
I would love to see the Republican party and everyone get together- and unify. Video:  ↗
Just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten Barrack Obama. (2/2)  ↗
Failed Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. (1/2)  ↗
I am going to repeal and replace ObamaCare! Read more about my positions on healthcare reform here:  ↗
. poll just hit 49% for Trump. Interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight Marco Rubio has turned nasty. Love it!  ↗
"  #KenLangone is 100% correct #NeilCavuto. And u and the rest of u #Fox muppets refuse to HEAR HIM." So true!  ↗
Why can't the leaders of the Republican Party see that I am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger, stronger party!  ↗
My wife  will be #OnTheRecord w/  tonight at 7pmE on . Enjoy!  ↗
"   I took Trump University class and saved my home!"  ↗
Marco Rubio lost big last night. I even beat him in Virginia, where he spent so much time and money. Now his bosses are desperate and angry!  ↗
Why would anyone in Florida vote for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. Check out his credit card scam, his house sale & his no show voting!  ↗
The special interests and people who control our politicians (puppets) are spending $25 million on misleading and fraudulent T.V. ads on me.  ↗
" FOX calls Virginia for Trump. If it holds, it's a big win for Trump and a big setback for Rubio, who needed to win the state.  ↗
" Marco Rubio just criticized Ted Cruz for underperforming tonight. Wow. #SuperTuesday"  ↗
" Looks like Rubio won't get any delegates from TX or AL because he didn't meet 20% threshold."  ↗
" "A nearly impossible path to the GOP nomination" for Rubio, says  …"  ↗
" For the record, most Democrats would much rather face Cruz than Trump" So true!  ↗
Thank you Vermont! #Trump2016 #SuperTuesday  ↗
