Goofy Elizabeth Warren is weak and ineffective. Does nothing. All talk, no action -- maybe her Native American name?  ↗
Goofy Elizabeth Warren and her phony Native American heritage are on a Twitter rant. She is too easy! I'm driving her nuts.  ↗
Crooked Hillary Clinton wants completely open borders. Millions of Democrats will run from her over this and support me.  ↗
Just met with courageous family of Sarah Root in Nebraska. Sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant, but leaves behind amazing legacy.  ↗
Goofy Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton’s flunky, has a career that is totally based on a lie. She is not Native American.  ↗
Let’s properly check goofy Elizabeth Warren’s records to see if she is Native American. I say she’s a fraud!  ↗
I hope corrupt Hillary Clinton chooses goofy Elizabeth Warren as her running mate. I will defeat them both.  ↗
Response to   ↗
I hear  of rapidly fading  is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. This will guarantee a Crooked Hillary win.  ↗
Joe Scarborough initially endorsed Jeb Bush and Jeb crashed, then John Kasich and that didn't work. Not much power or insight!  ↗
Thank you to teachers across America! When I become POTUS we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now.  ↗
Crooked Hillary has ZERO leadership ability. As Bernie Sanders says, she has bad judgement. Constantly playing the women's card - it is sad!  ↗
Paul Ryan said that I inherited something very special, the Republican Party. Wrong, I didn't inherit it, I won it with millions of voters!  ↗
" Many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #TrumpTrain"  ↗
So many great endorsements yesterday, except for Paul Ryan! We must put America first and MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
Governor Rick Perry said "Donald Trump is one of the most talented people running for the Presidency I've ever seen." Thank you Rick!  ↗
Unlike crooked Hillary Clinton, who wants to destroy all miners, I want wages to go up in America. We will do so by bringing back jobs!  ↗
