 Love making correct predictions. National Review is over. review-doomed  ↗
 Word is that crying  left the GOP and doesn't have the right to vote in the Republican primary. Dumb as a rock.  ↗
 Serious doubt in Illinois as to whether or not Cruz can run for President. First of many challenges.  ↗
 Just left a great event in Pella. Going to church tomorrow in Muscatine, Iowa.  ↗
 I will be on FOX with the great  tonight at 9pm EST! Enjoy! #Trump2016  ↗
 . such an honor to get your endorsement. You are a fantastic guy! It will not be forgotten. Don and Eric say hello!  ↗
 Heading now to Pella, Iowa. Big crowd! Remember, Trump is a big buyer of Pella windows. See you soon!  ↗
 For the great people of Iowa, find your #IACaucus location at So important to vote! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  ↗
 Just left Sioux Center, Iowa. My speech was very well received. Truly great people! Packed house- overflow!  ↗
 A wonderful story on Iowa voters by  of the .  ↗
 Failing  lost all credibility. Not only was he fired @ FOX, he would have voted for Clinton over McCain.  ↗
 Based on 's conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate.  ↗
 Heading to Sioux County, Iowa, where the crowd is amazing. Dr. Robert Jeffress will make the introduction. Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Ted Cruz poll numbers are down big. Because he was born in Canada and was, until recently, a Canadian citizen, many believe he cannot run!  ↗
 I am in Iowa watching all of these phony T.V. ads by the other candidates. All bull, politicians are all talk and no action-it won't happen!  ↗
 . has been amazing. We will win and establish strong borders, we will build a WALL and Mexico will pay. We will be great again!  ↗
 I will be the greatest job-producing president in American history. #Trump2016 #VoteTrump  ↗
 " Dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year, but still outperforming Wall Street's investment in Jeb. JEB wants Common Core  ↗
 " One year from today. https://t.co/TcN6Z3XwyU"  ↗
 I am in Iowa. Will be making two speeches today. Good luck to all of the great folks on the East coast. Enjoy the beauty of the storm!  ↗
 "  cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots.  WILL be our next President. #Trump2016 #RNC"  ↗
