 Great night in WI. I’m going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the PEO…  ↗
 Donald J. Trump Ethics Reform Plan For Washington D.C.  ↗
 EXCLUSIVE: FBI Agents Say Comey ‘Stood In The Way’ Of Clinton Email Investigation:  ↗
 Get rich quick! Crooked Hillary Clinton's pay to play guide:  ↗
 Yet more evidence of a media-rigged election:  ↗
 My wife, Melania, will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by Anderson Cooper on . I have no doubt she will do very well. Enjoy!  ↗
 I will sign the first bill to repeal and give Americans many choices and much lower rates!  ↗
 Trump Virginia Office Announces Statewide TV Ad Strategy and Leadership Team:  ↗
 Join me in Colorado Springs, Colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! Tickets:  ↗
 Crooked Hillary colluded w/FBI and DOJ and media is covering up to protect her. It's a  Our country d…  ↗
 New polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies, and got caught  ↗
 "Journalists shower Hillary Clinton with campaign cash"  ↗
 "State Department official accused of offering 'quid pro quo' in Clinton email scandal"  ↗
 Our thoughts are with the forces fighting ISIS in Iraq. We must never back down against this extreme radical Islami…  ↗
 Wow, new polls just came out from  Great numbers, especially after total media hit job. Leading Ohio 48 - 44.  ↗
 CORRUPTION CONFIRMED: FBI confirms State Dept. offered 'quid pro quo' to cover up classified emails  ↗
 Voter fraud! Crooked Hillary Clinton even got the questions to a debate, and nobody says a word. Can you imagine if I got the questions?  ↗
 Unbelievable.  ↗
 🚨BREAKING🚨: "State Department's Kennedy pressured FBI to unclassify Clinton emails: FBI documents"  ↗
 WikiLeaks proves even the Clinton campaign knew Crooked mishandled classified info, but no one gets charged? RIGGED!  ↗
 We have all got to come together and win this election. We can't have four more years of Obama (or worse!).  ↗
 Of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. Why do Republican leaders deny what is going on? So naive!  ↗
 " Peter Thiel chooses now to give $1.25mil in support of Trump   ↗
 " Trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as April! This is all yet another hoax.  Terrible  ↗
 " Watch Joe Biden's Long History Of Grabbing, Kissing and Groping Women Who Are Cringing:   ↗
 Can't believe these totally phoney stories, 100% made up by women (many already proven false) and pushed big time by press, have impact!  ↗
