 Paul Begala, the dopey  flunky and head of the Pro-Hillary Clinton Super PAC, has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me.  ↗
 "  Trump for President! Bernie is a joke, knows nothing - and Hillary is yesterday's and today's nightmare"  ↗
 " The Trump movement will not be stopped. We support Trump because he is a true American looking out for #AmericaFIRST."  ↗
 Congratulations to THE MOVEMENT, we have just won THE GREAT STATE OF OREGON. The vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! Thank you.  ↗
 Thank you Oregon! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  ↗
 " Hillary Just Handed  a Huge Gift: Promising to Put Bubba in Charge of the Economy! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!  ↗
 " No way I believe Trump at 70% disapproval with women. Went to 3 rallies. At least 1/2 women. MSM LIES "  ↗
 Michael Barbaro, the author of the now discredited  hit piece on me with women, has in past tweeted badly about me. He should resign  ↗
 "   He will destroy Hillary but why give CNN record breaking ratings CNN can go to hell. Trump 2016"  ↗
 I look so forward to debating Crooked Hillary Clinton! Democrat Primaries are rigged, e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on!  ↗
 I can't believe that  would allow the very nice Jeffrey Lord to be savaged by a panel of seven Trump haters. 7 to 1 - Don't watch CNN!  ↗
 "    That man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president  ↗
 Well, that is it. Well done Megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! Now let us all see how "THE MOVEMENT" does in Oregon tonight!  ↗
 Will go back on for a final question now!  ↗
 "  Amazing job"  ↗
 " Great interview! Happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. Never change, never forget you are our messenger!"  ↗
 I like Michael Douglas!  ↗
 " .  Best interview that I have ever seen.  ↗
 "   Great interview Megyn"  ↗
 "     and we love you Diamond and Silk" I do also!  ↗
 " Donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. Cannot wait until u r president #MegynKellyPresents  ↗
 "   That's why he is so successful. He is driven to succeed" True!  ↗
 " Lovely interview, Mr. Trump! " Thanks.  ↗
 "   Watched the Megan Kelly special and I must say..it was very well done on both their parts"  ↗
 "  We actually really do love you!" Great!  ↗
 "   #MakeAmericaGreatAgain Thank you for this discourse. Wounds have been healed. Great job!"  ↗
 "   it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. Well done."  ↗
 "   Trump is a great man and is FIGHTING for We The People!"  ↗
 "   we need Trump more then ever Megyn. Thanks.  ↗
 "   we need Trump more then ever Megan Please don't lose it for America for us!"  ↗
 " Kudos to  and  for rising above the drama and coming together. Very respectful and classy 👍"  ↗
 "   Made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. Great job"  ↗
 "  You are a fighter and we LOVE that about you! Don't listen to these people who want you to change!"  ↗
 "  great interview with  !" Thanks.  ↗
 "  One thing we know for sure  supporters will turn to #Trump - absolutely not "  ↗
 "  speaks from the heart 4 all of America.His intention is for a positive future 4 all.    ↗
 ", you are fearless! This interview shows you are the Leader we need.  is a tough interview! Respect to both"  ↗
 "   what's with the soft wimpy questions?!? It's not a therapy session ..!!" Not really soft at all!  ↗
 "  amazing on Megan Kelly" Thanks.  ↗
 " . Watching you on Fox with  now. Can't wait to hear what you two talked about."  ↗
 I will be live tweeting  Show in 10 minutes. Should be interesting. Will be on Fox Network! ENJOY!  ↗
 Wall Street paid for ad is a fraud, just like Crooked Hillary! Their main line had nothing to do with women, and they knew it. Apologize?  ↗
 Do you think Crooked Hillary will finally close the deal? If she can't win Kentucky, she should drop out of race. System rigged!  ↗
 I will be live tweeting my interview with  on the Fox Network tonight at 8! Enjoy!  ↗
 I look forward to watching  tonight, 8  ET. It will be interesting to see how she treats me—I think she will be very fair.  ↗
 How can Crooked Hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for NAFTA, the worst economic deal in U.S. history?  ↗
 Crooked Hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.If so, he should run,not her.Will he bring the "energizer" to D.C.?  ↗
 #VoteTrump at clerk's offices & 185 ballot drop boxes in #ORPrimary! Closes at 8pm!  ↗
 Crooked Hillary can't close the deal with Bernie Sanders. Will be another bad day for her!  ↗
 Amazing that Crooked Hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the WORST abuser of woman in U.S. political history  ↗
 Oregon is voting today. Keep the big numbers going - VOTE TRUMP! MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 Crooked Hillary Clinton put out an ad where I am misquoted on women. Can't believe she would misrepresent the facts! My hit was on China  ↗
 The pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. "You can tell them to go BLANK themselves" - was about China, NOT WOMEN!  ↗
 Wow, 30,000 e-mails were deleted by Crooked Hillary Clinton. She said they had to do with a wedding reception. Liar! How can she run?  ↗
