 " A majority of evangelicals believe  is best equipped to save the country.   ↗
 "  Trump is a genius. Rubio and Cruz are not. I want a brilliant mind to run this country."  ↗
 "  in contrast to Rubio and Cruz you look like a giant. They look terribly weak" Thank you!  ↗
 What I would do on my first day in office. Watch:  ↗
 Thank you Texas! 10,000 amazing supporters!  ↗
 Never let them see you sweat!  ↗
 Thank you for your support & friendship- Governor !  ↗
 They don't like Rubio in Florida- he left them high & dry. Doesn't even show up for votes!  ↗
 Lightweight Marco Rubio was working hard last night. The problem is, he is a choker, and once a choker, always a choker! Mr. Meltdown.  ↗
 Wow, every poll said I won the debate last night. Great honor!  ↗
 Lightweight choker Marco Rubio looks like a little boy on stage. Not presidential material!  ↗
 Lying Ted Cruz and lightweight choker Marco Rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. They failed!  ↗
 Will be at Fort Worth (Texas) Convention Center at 11:30 A.M. Big crowd - get there early! Big announcement to be made!  ↗
 Why would the people of Florida vote for Marco Rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their Senator and then quit!  ↗
 Have a good chance to win Texas on Tuesday. Cruz is a nasty guy, not one Senate endorsement and, despite talk, gets nothing done. Loser!  ↗
 I will be making a speech at 12:00 in Fort Worth, Texas. Really big crowd expected. Will be talking about the debate last night-plus, plus!  ↗
 "    yup 200 Polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not Trump"  ↗
 "  Cruz talks about Hillary all the time because he knows he can't beat you ! Trump will win Texas !"  ↗
 "  trump won the debate. Disgusting Rubio said "peed" - is he still in junior high school."  ↗
 " Marco Cruz and Ted Rubio (easy to get the two politicians confused) looked like desperate, panicked DC insiders tonight"  ↗
 "  "that's because you've never hired anyone to do work before" favorite line from tonights debate."  ↗
 " Tonight you proved to America you are the real deal. You took fire from all sides, stayed composed, returned fire and WON!  ↗
 "    he won almost all polls and Mark Halperin gave him an A-  ↗
 " Vote Early in the  will   ↗
 "  Also, all the things Rubio&Cruz were using for hits, just petty. Trump, clearly the only one w/all the skills."  ↗
 Big day in Texas tomorrow! Having a rally in Fort Worth. Tremendous crowd. Will be exciting!  ↗
 All the online polls have me winning the debate. I really enjoyed the evening. Not easy, but good.  ↗
  ↗
 Thank you! Polls  ↗
   ↗
 Thank you! WE WILL MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 Failed presidential candidate  was made to look like a fool by Senator Harry Reid & didn't release his tax returns until 9/21/12.  ↗
