 Nielson Media Research final numbers on ACCEPTANCE SPEECH: TRUMP 32.2 MILLION. CLINTON 27.8 MILLION. Thank you!  ↗
 Thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the Republican National Convention #1 over Crooked Hillary and DEMS.  ↗
 Can you imagine if I had the small crowds that Hillary is drawing today in Pennsylvania. It would be a major media event!    ↗
 NATO commander agrees members should pay up via   ↗
 Wow, NATO's top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must PAY THEIR BILLS. This is a general I will like!  ↗
 The "Rust Belt" was created by politicians like the Clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like Mexico. END!  ↗
 Crooked's stop in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians, drew less than 200 - with Bill, VP  ↗
 #CrookedHillary = Obama's third term, which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below.  ↗
 Word is that Crooked Hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in Pennsylvania. Perhaps it is because her husband signed NAFTA?  ↗
 I turned down a meeting with Charles and David Koch. Much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics, they will do much better!  ↗
 Why doesn't the media want to report that on the two "Big Thursdays" when Crooked Hillary and I made our speeches - Republican's won ratings  ↗
 #CrookedHillary  ↗
 Crooked Hillary Clinton is soft on crime, supports open borders, and wants massive tax hikes. A formula for disaster!  ↗
 Violent crime is rising across the United States, yet the DNC convention ignored it. Crime reduction will be one of my top priorities.  ↗
 I will write a $2 MILLION check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal!  ↗
 Just got back from Colorado. The love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. Big crowds!  ↗
 While I am in OH & PA - you can also join  in Nevada on Mon! Carson City: Reno:  ↗
 Join me Monday in Columbus, Ohio & Harrisburg, Pennsylvania! #MAGA 3pm in OH: 7pm in PA:  ↗
 American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs. WE will bring back the 'American Dream!'  ↗
 We are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. I want change - Crooked Hillary Clinton does not.  ↗
 Hillary can never win over Bernie supporters. Her foreign wars, NAFTA/TPP support & Wall Street ties are driving away millions of votes.  ↗
 Colorado was amazing yesterday! So much support. Our tax, trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to Colorado and the whole country.  ↗
 "  ONLY TRUMP CAN UNITE ERICA AND FIX OBA'S MISTAKES!!! #Trump2016 https://t.co/yB72Bm2muM"  ↗
