Great afternoon in Ohio & a great evening in Pennsylvania - departing now. See you tomorrow Virginia!  ↗
Just leaving Mechanicsburg, PA. Incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! Will be back soon. #MAGA  ↗
RT  . stops by overflow room in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania- prior to main rally. #TrumpMovement #MAGA🇺🇸 https:…  ↗
Vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania have moved to Mexico and other countries. That will end when I win!  ↗
Thanks to  for your kind words, very much appreciated.  ↗
Join me in Florida on Wednesday! Daytona & Jacksonville: Daytona | 3pm- Jacksonville | 7pm-  ↗
During the GOP convention, CNN cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. They don’t want them heard.  ↗
When will CNN do a segment on Hillary’s plan to increase Syrian refugees 550% and how much it will cost?  ↗
Hillary Clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays & refuses to speak out against Radical Islam.  ↗
Hillary, whose decisions have led to the deaths of many, accepted $ from a business linked to ISIS. Silence at CNN.  ↗
Crooked Hillary Clinton is 100% owned by her donors. #ImWithYou #MAGA  ↗
Thank you Columbus, Ohio! I will be back soon. #ImWithYou #MAGA  ↗
Thank you Oklahoma & Virginia! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #ImWithYou  ↗
People believe CNN these days almost as little as they believe Hillary....that's really saying something!  ↗
The people who support Hillary sit behind CNN anchor chairs, or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life.  ↗
Will CNN send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt Hillary?  ↗
When will we see stories from CNN on Clinton Foundation corruption and Hillary's pay-for-play at State Department?  ↗
CNN anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime, failing schools and vanishing jobs.  ↗
CNN will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for Hillary Clinton.  ↗
Join Governor Mike Pence in Reno, Nevada- tonight at 7pm! Tickets available at:  ↗
#CrookedHillary  ↗
So with all of the Obama tough talk on Russia and the Ukraine, they have already taken Crimea and continue to push. That's what I said!  ↗
When I said in an interview that Putin is "not going into Ukraine, you can mark it down," I am saying if I am President. Already in Crimea!  ↗
This story is not about Mr. Khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather RADICAL ISLIC TERRORISM and the U.S. Get smart!  ↗
Mr. Khan, who does not know me, viciously attacked me from the stage of the DNC and is now all over T.V. doing the same - Nice!  ↗
