The Club for Growth is a very dishonest group. They represent conservative values terribly & are bad for America.  ↗
People forget, it was Club for Growth that asked me for $1 million. I said no & they went negative. Extortion!  ↗
Ted Cruz Was For Welcoming Syrian Refugees Before He Was Against It  ↗
I employ many people in Hawaii at my great hotel in Honolulu. I’ll be there very soon. Vote for me, Hawaii!  ↗
Cruz came to Mississippi, there was nobody there, he left the state. I had a rally in Madison, MS with 10,000! Thank you!  ↗
I will be interviewed by  tonight at 10pm EST on ! Enjoy!  ↗
New ad concerning lightweight Senator Marco Rubio:  ↗
Thank you Idaho! I love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. As President, I will protect your market.  ↗
Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio features Trump Univ. students in FL. attack ads- who submitted "excellent" reviews.  ↗
" Setup is underway  rally in Madison. #MSPrimary https://t.co/1HLgixbqia" Thank you!  ↗
It was great being in Michigan. Remember, I am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the U.S.and protect car industry!  ↗
Don't believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight Rubio and the R establishment. Dishonest people!  ↗
Leaving for North Carolina. Big crowd, will be fun!  ↗
Congratulation to Adam Scott and all of the folks at Trump National Doral on producing a really great WGC Tournament. Amazing finish!  ↗
I will be using Facebook and Twitter to expose dishonest lightweight Senator Marco Rubio. A record no-show in Senate, he is scamming Florida  ↗
We cannot let the failing REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT, who could not stop Obama (twice), ruin the MOVEMENT with millions of $'s in false ads!  ↗
Lindsey Graham is all over T.V., much like failed 47% candidate Mitt Romney. These nasty, angry, jealous failures have ZERO credibility!  ↗
Failed presidential candidate Lindsey Graham should respect me. I destroyed his run, brought him from 7% to 0% when he got out. Now nasty!  ↗
