Then, on June 25th- back to the USA to MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
After , I will visit  in Ireland, the magnificent resort fronting on the Atlantic Ocean.  ↗
After  I will be visiting Aberdeen, the oil capital of Europe, to see my great club, .  ↗
On June 22- I will be going to Scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated  Resort, the worlds best.  ↗
Join me in Redding, California- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #Trump2016 Tickets:  ↗
.- Thank you for the nice piece in  / . Keep up the great work!  ↗
RT  Beautiful article about  written by my friend, the incredibly talented golfer Natalie Gulbis: https://t.co…  ↗
"  Only Trump can save America. Right leader at the right time." THANK YOU!  ↗
"  she's a criminal and you're the only person that can stop her."  ↗
" THIS IS 'S LEGACY! AN ABSOLUTE DISASTER!!! WE NEED  NOW!! #MAGA #TRUMP2016  ↗
"  A vote for Trump is a vote to restore our great country."  ↗
A 60% increase in Texas Blue Cross/Blue Shield through ObamaCare. I told you so, there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode!  ↗
So great to have the endorsement and support of Paul Ryan. We will both be working very hard to Make America Great Again!  ↗
Bad performance by Crooked Hillary Clinton! Reading poorly from the telepromter! She doesn't even look presidential!  ↗
Crooked Hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. People will not allow another four years of incompetence!  ↗
Crooked Hillary Clinton, who I would love to call Lyin' Hillary, is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions.  ↗
After the litigation is disposed of and the case won, I have instructed my execs to open Trump U(?), so much interest in it! I will be pres.  ↗
Even though I have a very biased and unfair judge in the Trump U civil case in San Diego, I have thousands of great reviews & will win case!  ↗
With all of the Crooked Hillary Clinton's foreign policy experience, she has made so many mistakes - and I mean real monsters! No more HRC.  ↗
Join me in San Jose, California- tonight! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016 Tickets:  ↗
Wow, USA Today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. Verdict: 450 wins, 38 losses. Isn't that what you want for your president?  ↗
Do you ever notice that  gives me very little proper representation on my policies. Just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign P  ↗
Bernie Sanders was right when he said that Crooked Hillary Clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from BAD judgement!  ↗
Crooked Hillary Clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. Her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch!  ↗
"  I already voted for you! My wife did as well! I represent #Teachers4Trump! We represent #CA4Trump! #NeverDems  ↗
"     Not for slackers! Happy w/courses I took." Thanks.  ↗
