 Congratulations to my son, Eric, on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding Turnberry, and its great Ailsa Course. Always support kids!  ↗
 Leaving now for a one night trip to Scotland in order to be at the Grand Opening of my great Turnberry Resort. Will be back on Sat. night!  ↗
 Meet the amazing mother whose letter I read during my speech. She lost her son to policies supported by Clinton.  ↗
 Read my full statement here on the Supreme Court's executive amnesty decision #imwithyou  ↗
 Here is another CNN lie. The Clinton News Network is losing all credibility. I’m not watching it much anymore.  ↗
 CNN, which is totally biased in favor of Clinton, should apologize. They knew they were wrong.  ↗
 RT  Trump's speech today is the best persuasion I have ever seen. Game over. Now running unopposed: https://t.co/P7fHEMP6U…  ↗
 Our inner cities have been left behind. We will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border.  ↗
 On immigration, I’m consulting with our immigration officers & our wage-earners. Hillary Clinton is consulting with Wall Street.  ↗
 Obama & Clinton should stop meeting with special interests, & start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration.  ↗
 Hillary Clinton’s open borders are tearing American families apart. I am going to make our country Safe Again for all Americans. #Imwithyou  ↗
 SC has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. But Hillary has pledged to expand it, taking jobs from Hispanic & African-American workers.  ↗
 RT  . "I was so impressed by ['s] speech yesterday. He was the best I've ever seen him." https…  ↗
 Hillary Lies to Benghazi Families #CrookedHillary  ↗
 ISIS threatens us today because of the decisions Hillary Clinton has made along with President Obama." -- Donald J. Trump  ↗
 "Hillary Clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency." -- Donald J. Trump  ↗
 Thank you to Donald Rumsfeld for the endorsement. Very much appreciated. Clinton's conduct has been "disqualifying."  ↗
