 Join us! #CaucusForTrump 11am WATERLOO: 1:30pm CEDER RAPIDS:  ↗
 . & his wife  attended the #SnowflakeGardenBrunch- here w/ Governor .  ↗
 Watch  show you how easy it is to #CaucusForTrump in Iowa! #IACaucus Video:  ↗
 RT  Trump winning over Latino Republicans, poll says | New York Post  ↗
 So nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of Pizza Ranch in Iowa! A great guy and great places! #CaucusForTrump  ↗
 It is time to take back our country- and MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN! #CaucusForTrump Video:  ↗
 I will be interviewed on Face The Nation with  this morning. Enjoy!  ↗
 I am in Iowa. Will be interviewed on This Week With  this morning. ENJOY!  ↗
 If I would have done the last debate, a record would have been set (instead of the poor ratings recieved). Also, VETS got $6,000,000.  ↗
 By not doing the failed, poorly rated debate, I was able to make the point of not allowing "unfairness" - while raising $6,000,000 for VETS.  ↗
 Wow, just saw an ad - Cruz is lying on so many levels. There is nobody more against ObamaCare than me, will repeal & replace. He lies!  ↗
 Ted Cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important Financial Disclosure Form. Very low interest loans, scam!  ↗
 Ted Cruz is totally unelectable, if he even gets to run (born in Canada). Will loose big to Hillary. Polls show I beat Hillary easily! WIN!  ↗
 I will be going to church in Iowa this morning with my wife, Melania. After church I will be making two speeches and touring the State!  ↗
 . is a total phony and con man. When I wouldn't give him free hotel rooms and much more, he endorsed Cruz.   ↗
 . asked me to do an event. The people holding the event called me to say he wanted $100,000 for himself.Phony   ↗
 . is a total phony and dishonest guy. Asked me for expensive hotel rooms, free (and more). I said pay and he endorsed Cruz!  ↗
 The Cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters "in violation." They are now under investigation. Bad!  ↗
