 Wow, did great in the debate polls (except for  - which I don't watch). Thank you!  ↗
 Thank you Governor !  ↗
 Thank you Governor ! Lets MAKE ERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN with the American people. #AmericaFirst…  ↗
 Thank you Senator !  ↗
 .’s Nuclear Agreement Paved The Way For The $400 Million Ransom Payment  ↗
 Nothing on emails. Nothing on the corrupt Clinton Foundation. And nothing on   ↗
 . - Obama Strategy Has Allowed It To Expand To Become A Global Threat  ↗
 RT  . calling out 's support for NAFTA = most searched moment during tonight's debate. #Debates20…  ↗
 Russia has more warheads than ever, N Korea is testing nukes, and Iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. Thanks, .  ↗
 Hillary Clinton failed all over the world. ❌LIBYA ❌SYRIA ❌IRAN ❌IRAQ ❌ASIA PIVOT ❌RUSSIAN RESET ❌BENGHAZI…  ↗
 RT  100% TRUE -->  is right -  did call TPP ‘the gold standard’ https://t.co/W7L7a9…  ↗
 Hillary Clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the Iraq War.  ↗
 .'s 2008 Campaign And Supporters Trafficked In Rumors About Obama's Heritage  ↗
 RT  Hillary's policies have made America less safe, that's why 200+ general and military leaders have endorsed !…  ↗
 RT  Jesse Jackson on  - when he donated space for the Rainbow/Push Coalition. https://t.co/JTbqO0…  ↗
 I will stand with police and protect ALL Americans!  ↗
 RT  When  is POTUS, families are going to be safe and secure. Law and order will be RESTORED! #De…  ↗
 RT  WATCH:  on the stakes in this election  ↗
 This is the simple fact about  she is a typical politician - all talk, no action.  ↗
 HILLARY'S BAD TAX HABIT!  ↗
 A Clinton economy = more taxes and more spending!  ↗
 . has been part of the rigged DC system for 30 years? Why would we take policy advice from her?  ↗
 Instead of driving jobs and wealth away, ERICA will become the world's great magnet for innovation and job creati…  ↗
 . channels John Kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them.  ↗
 . and Obama policies increased debt by $9trillion over the last 8 years  ↗
 RT  A  Administration will bring JOBS BACK!  ↗
 Why isn't Hillary Clinton 50 points ahead?  ↗
 RT  Join  on his official social media platforms during tonight's debate ~ as  manages rapid response…  ↗
 My team of deplorables will be managing my Twitter account for this evenings debate. Tune in!  ↗
 RT  showing  surging,   have HER camp on defense/lowering expectations, goi…  ↗
 New national Bloomberg poll just released - thank you! Join the MOVEMENT: #TrumpTrain…  ↗
