 Just got back from Tampa. It was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! Will be in South Carolina tomorrow.  ↗
 Word is that little Morty Zuckerman’s  loses more than $50 million per year---can that be possible?  ↗
 When little Morty Zuckerman closes his failing  will I at least be given some credit? Will happen soon.  ↗
 11,000 inside venue tonight in Tampa! Broke record set by Elton John in 1988 w/out musical instruments! Another 5,000 outside. Will be back!  ↗
 I will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! We need to MAKE ERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
   ↗
 Millions of $'s of false ads, paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater  and sleepy , are now running in S.C.  ↗
 "  Do Americans really want a Canadian-born president? First non native born in history?"  ↗
 "  good I want to see the court decide what I was always told "natural born" means - born on American soil"  ↗
 "  you have just been put on notice  We Stand with you...  Thankyou.  ↗
 Last time lightweight  tried to knock off  he made a total fool of himself. If he doesn't do better this time, he is out!  ↗
 If  doesn’t clean up his act, stop cheating, & doing negative ads, I have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen.  ↗
 Lightweight  is spending a fortune of special interest against me in SC. False advertising- desperate and sad!  ↗
 After hearing the news that they would not be able to extort $1M from me, they went hostile w/ a series of incorrect & ill-informed ads.  ↗
 Nothing conservative about the Club for Growth coming into my office and demanding a $1M contribution, which naturally, they did not get.  ↗
 You must be registered Republican by February 16th to vote TRUMP in the Florida primary.  ↗
 The failing , destroyed by little Morty Zuckerman, is preparing to close and save face by going online. It's dead!  ↗
 NEVADA! Tomorrow is the deadline to register Republican. Visit: Message from   ↗
 How can Ted Cruz be an Evangelical Christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest?  ↗
