 Crooked Hillary is spending tremendous amounts of Wall Street money on false ads against me. She is a very dishonest person!  ↗
 Crooked Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd Amendment. No gun owner can ever vote for Clinton!  ↗
 Thank you  for the wonderful statement that "the new par 3 9th hole  Turnberry could be the most dramatic in Britain."  ↗
  Colin, great to have you at Trump Turnberry. So proud of you and your GREAT playing! You made winning MAJORS look easy!  ↗
 "  Best Links Course in Britain. Ailsa Course opens June '16 Can't wait to play it https://t.co/HnQbj3ipuS"  ↗
 Thank you for your wonderful endorsement today . It means a great deal to me. We will not disappoint! #Trump2016  ↗
 Great day in Kentucky with Wayne LaPierre, Chris Cox & the ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  ↗
 Thank you! An honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the - prior to ! #Trump2016 #2A  ↗
 Failing  will always take a good story about me and make it bad. Every article is unfair and biased. Very sad!  ↗
 Thanks ! "Trump is the most unpredictable, extraordinary, entertaining&massively popular candidate this country has ever seen."  ↗
 Crooked Hillary Clinton- discussing the #SecondAmendment at a private event. #2A cc:   ↗
 I am on my way! See you all soon!  ↗
 "A Call for Unity" by Jason Greenblatt   ↗
 Crooked Hillary can't even close the deal with Bernie - and the Dems have it rigged in favor of Hillary. Four more years of this? No way!  ↗
 Crooked Hillary Clinton looks presidential? I don't think so! Four more years of Obama and our country will never come back. ISIS LAUGHS!  ↗
 Look where the world is today, a total mess, and ISIS is still running around wild. I can fix it fast, Hillary has no chance!  ↗
 Crooked Hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. ISIS, China, Russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years!  ↗
 I said that Crooked Hillary Clinton is "not qualified" to be president because she has "very bad judgement" - Bernie said the same thing!  ↗
