My youth was the saddest part of my life. There is a lot to my life, with ups & downs literally on a daily basis. But, I'll try to condense it for you. I hope it inspires people to become strong and fight, especially if they are suffering from chronic health problems.

From late teens to late twenties, I got a chronic health problem called Irritable bowel syndrome or IBS which affects the gut. Due to IBS, I suffered a LOT for about ten years of my youth. I'll share my experience with you. Its going to be long, even though I tried to make it as brief as possible.

1. This point will sound gross. I had frequent bowel problems sometimes with rectal bleeding. Fiber did not help and often made me more bloated. Laxatives helped a bit, but became ineffective soon. Eating fiber rich foods did no good either. They often made me gassy and bloated.

2. My hunger and thirst had almost disappeared. I used to eat/drink only because it was time to eat, not because I was feeling hungry. I lost a lot of weight and almost looked like a skeleton. Pre IBS, I had an average build and could eat a lot throughout the day with ease.

3. Foods that I could eat easily, such as milk products, beans, lentils etc without any problems made me bloated and uncomfortable throughout the day. Food almost seemed like poison to me.

4. My wrist and leg joints were painful, noisy & less flexible. The pain would go away temporarily after making cracking sounds with them. I could not write properly, play guitar or do anything that required fine movements of the wrist. Repeated medical tests revealed no problems such as arthritis. 10 years later, when I got better, these problems occurred rarely and with less intensity.

5. I suffered from chronic insomnia and almost never slept well. I needed at least 7-8 hours a day, but I could only manage 4-6 hours of interrupted sleep. I rarely felt rested and alert. Due to lack of sleep, I was hardly enthusiastic about life. I became a pessimist and overly skeptical. My grades and social life suffered miserably. I still have no real friends even today, but I am trying to make some.

6. I failed several courses in my Bachelor of Engineering, but still managed to graduate with decent grades in the final year.

7. I wanted to be an engineer, but not in the field in which I got my Bachelors degree. So, I decided to leave my country to pursue MS/Masters in a relatively easy & mildly interesting field. I could not take the harder degrees that I liked because I know its not easy to manage when your sleep and health prevent you from keeping up with the rigors of the degree. My health got a bit better during MS, but my confidence, academic life and social life still suffered.

8. I rarely answered in class, hardly contributed anything to group projects and slacked off quite a bit. I rarely got things done. Even more rarely, I produced impressive work or came up with intelligent questions/answers in class. As a result, I got the feeling that people disliked me and avoided being friends with me. Some were more direct in hinting this. I was also unhappy (probably slightly depressed) because of my health and this might have made people avoid me even more. People talked to me nicely, but it was clear that they preferred to not hangout with me.

Finally, I fixed my problem by having a very restricted diet for 2 years. Only recently, I have added some more foods into my diet.

At the end of the 10 years, just when things were getting MUCH better, I was diagnosed with a Hiatal Hernia which might have been caused by the repeated straining during constipation. I remember the night that I got a hiatal hernia. My stomach started hurting for no reason. I could literally feel waves of pain in my stomach, often radiating to my back. Stomach acid backed up into my throat. This stopped after 15 minutes. The same pain returned at noon the next day. I finally decided to rush to a doctor.

An endoscopy, costing several thousands, revealed that I had a "small" hiatal hernia. Luckily, I might not need a surgery in the near future (btw, surgical repairs generally don't last forever). But, I would have to use Proton-pump inhibitor's for the rest of my life, which by the way, are not the perfect cure (read about C-difficile & fractures).

Shortly after the hernia, I lost my first paying job due to financial issues in the company. I had barely worked for a few months. I saved a lot, but I used most of my savings to repay part of my student loans (moral - save wisely). Luckily, my parents loaned me some money & this helped while I was seeking a better job. These incidents hardened me even more. I became a homebody/hermit of sorts & saved money aggressively to be better prepared for such situations. Even with a lower salary, I have way more savings than most of my peers :)

A lot more happened after that. But, I'll spare you the details, unless you want me to mention them.

I am much better now and sleeping better with help of meditation and medication. The only problem is that after all these years of not having a social life, I don't really know how to make conversation, small talk and I rarely have something interesting to share. This can lead to a vicious cycle in which I am not able to forge a bond with people because I am not interesting enough. As a result, I don't have anybody to go out with and do fun things. As a result, I become less interesting.

How about my dating life ? Nobody has the time to understand that I am not a boring, friendless person. I am not friendless because I am antisocial or have a weird personality. I just came out of a very long rough patch in life. I only need people who will hangout with me and have some fun. Simple.

I can exercise to stay fit, but I can't be the toned gym boyfriend that the average girl desires, because my hernia severely restricts how much weight I can lift or how much I can bend my stomach. But, I do whatever I can with what I have.

I am doing all I can to break the vicious cycle I am in, i.e. go out myself, make random conversation with people, go to meetups etc. Hopefully, I'll get to live like a normal person again. Although, these problems have taken away a LOT from me, and still continue to bug me a bit, they made me more appreciative of life. It has made me stronger, wiser and more empathetic. I only wish that I did not have to learn it this way.