 . at 7:00 A.M.  ↗
 "  Never been so excited about voting for a candidate since I voted for Reagan"  ↗
 " Donald Trump still dominating all polls, debate, cable news, gossip...everything. The GOP nomination is his, he rarely loses!  ↗
 "  You were so much better than Jeb on Hannity. So Great and presidential. I'm happy this was discussed."  ↗
 " I have never loved a candidate as much as I love , I can't wait for him to make America great again!" Nice!  ↗
 "   well said. We the people want the truth. We the people want to make America great again."  ↗
 "    There you go! Everyone loves Donald Trump bcuz he's the real thing, not a politician"  ↗
 "  first time I can ever vote and you've got mine! I want to make America great again!!!" FANTASTIC!  ↗
 " We are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in Burlington, Iowa tomorrow!  See you there!  ↗
 " The establishment can try all they want to keep  from winning. They are not stronger than we the people!!"  ↗
 "  Donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for America!  ↗
 " Your opponents have no idea what they're dealing with. Sun Tzu would be very proud. You are a tactical genius.   ↗
 . you were GREAT on  tonight. Thank you for the nice words!  ↗
 I will be interviewed on  Good Morning America tomorrow at 7:00 A.M. Big new ABC poll coming out - I hope I do well!  ↗
 "   Trump is the only candidate that I've ever been excited about   ↗
 "  Now they are All saying Donald really Could Be President! I Knew This from Start! We ALL must work together!"  ↗
 . at 10:00.  ↗
 " Our new President will provide something we've never had before. even if it hurts.   ↗
 "  hits his highest poll number yet;  make small gains  ↗
 "    Trumps new VA plan will solidify Vets. Support of Trump" I love the VETS.  ↗
 . Had my best day ever in the polls, one had me at 41% - Morning Consult. Boston Globe, Monmouth, NBC and CNN all great. More!  ↗
 I will be interviewed on  tonight at 10:00. You will find it very interesting (I hope). Enjoy!  ↗
 "    no magic just cut off USA aid money to Mex until cost is recovered.Simple really  ↗
 Both Aberdeen and Turnberry in Scotland, and the soon to open Doonbeg in Ireland, blow Bandon Dunes away. Bandon is a toy by comparison!  ↗
 "Donald Trump tops Franklin-Pierce/Herald poll at 28 percent in N.H."  ↗
 Lots of great new polls--big leads!  ↗
 I will be on  tonight at 10  .  ↗
 Bill Clinton wants to  ↗
