 Via  by  "TRUMP PREACHES PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN PHOENIX"  ↗
 I will not be able to attend the Miss USA pageant tomorrow night because I am campaigning in Phoenix. Wishing all well!  ↗
 Legal immigrants want border security. It is common sense. We must build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Great  segment with  "Breaking Down the Trump Factor" Let's Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Today I am standing with patriots in Arizona for border security! Build a wall! Let's Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Today I will be rallying with with 15,000 patriots in Arizona for border security! Let's Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Via  by  "Father of murder victim to introduce Trump in Phoenix"  ↗
 " "I want people to come into the country. Let it be legal,"  via "  ↗
 Getting ready to go to Las Vegas (Freedom Fest) - great crowd. Then on to amazing Phoenix - that will be a total happening! Love America.  ↗
 " I always said I will not vote until I truly believe in a good leader, you sir will get my vote!   ↗
 "  Trump 2016 yard signs. Where can we get them?" Everywhere!  ↗
 "  The competition tries to fake it till they make it. Trump the REAL deal!"  ↗
 "    The establishment Republicans and the Democrats are absolutely 100% terrified of you !!"  ↗
 "  I love what you want to do with this country!!"  ↗
 " Aren't U angry how the media has turned DonaldTrump SL against "illegal immigration" into him hating "all immigrants  ↗
 "  Mr Trump I have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .I'm literally hanging on your every word"  ↗
 "  when Fox News tries to push Jeb on their viewers, remind them of this article:   ↗
 Boycott  and . MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 Has anyone seen the financials of . They are doing really badly. Too much debt and not enough viewers. Need money fast. Funny!  ↗
 "    both fools & out of touch with reality! We need Trump.   ↗
 " There's no republican field at all. When the  is in play, the others all kinda fade away. Trump2016  ↗
 The Republicans who want to cut SS & Medicaid are wrong. A robust economy will Make America Great Again!  ↗
 Via  by  “Donald Trump To Brody File in 2011: People Send Me Bibles”  ↗
 A strong military will stop wars. Peace through Strength! Let’s Make America Great Again!  ↗
 “Tone it down? No way! Donald Trump needs to crank up the volume” via  by   ↗
 I love that thousands of people are boycotting  and cutting up credit cards. No guts no glory. This really backfired - love it!  ↗
 Look forward to being in Phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 P.M. Hottest ticket in entire country. Was supposed to be 500 people, now many thousands!  ↗
