 Thank you Iowa! I appreciate all of your support  &  this evening!  ↗
 First candidate in Virginia with over 16,000 validated signatures for the ballot. An honor - thank you!  ↗
 I will be on  with  at 7. Tune in!  ↗
 I will be on with  tonight at 6.  ↗
 Macy’s was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. Their stock has crashed!  ↗
 Thank you  for showing the  was wrong. So dishonest!  ↗
 From 2% to 27% in Texas - quite a jump into first place!  ↗
 Wow, pres. candidate Ben Carson, who is very weak on illegal Immigration, just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship.  ↗
 Total fool  is part of the Republican Establishment problem. An all talk, no action dummy!  ↗
 . and dopey Karl Rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible TPP deal.  ↗
 Why does the failing  write a false editorial about me and let dummy  make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper?  ↗
 . is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re China and TPP. This moron wasted $430 million on political campaigns and lost 100%  ↗
 We, as a country, either have borders or we don't. IF WE DON'T HAVE BORDERS, WE DON'T HAVE A COUNTRY!  ↗
 Why wouldn't the  call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. No wonder it is doing poorly!  ↗
 When and how are the dummies at the  going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect Editorial on me. I want "smart" trade deals.  ↗
 The  Editorial Board is so wrong, so often. They got info from an incorrect story in another pub. Why not watch and listen to debate.  ↗
 . Editorial Board should review my debate statement re China and T.P.P. and apologize. China not part but will get their way in later.  ↗
 Today's  Editorial is WRONG again. I know that China is not in the new T.P.P. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door.  ↗
 I will be interviewed on   at 7:30  ↗
 All seven on-line polls, including Drudge and Time, with thousands of respondents, said I won the debate.  said I was "so, so."  ↗
