"  Saw where you supported  on  to be aired tomorrow . Thank you." Thanks Ted!  ↗
"    ↗
"  good for you Mr. Trump for speaking up for America you're the only one that's real"  ↗
"     I agree! Romney needed #Trump's cajones - all I'm saying!"  ↗
"  Trump is correct Hear about a young woman who was shot to death in San Francisco by a Mexican who'd been deported 5 times  ↗
"  Don't worry Democrats, Donald will make America great again for you too   ↗
" DonaldTrump Keep it up! They're attacking you because they're afraid. You're winning! We who love our country have your back!"  ↗
" More than half of America agrees with Trump- everyone I talk to loves Trump&respects blunt truths- God Bless Trump  ↗
" :  How is it possible  is having a 4th of July sale, when it's against Freedom of Speech?  ↗
"  .We all need to get out and vote for Donald . We need a change and he is the man to bring it ." Thank you!  ↗
" Praying  continues 2 keep the Repubs honest! It w/b so great 2 hv another Reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 USA!"  ↗
" has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed.   ↗
"   America will be restored under Mr. Trump.. God Bless America."  ↗
"  I'm voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist Obama"  ↗
"   3M followers, ck the other candidates-do the math. echoes Americans"  ↗
" keeps comin back like Bruce Willis in RED! Trump is hard hitting PATRIOT! TRUTH TRUMPS ALL!   ↗
"  &  couldn't carry  's gym bags.   ↗
"  I will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly U turned on DonaldTrump.U have no spine  ↗
Via  "GE ON: TRUMP RESPONDS TO JEB"  ↗
"  the blue! I don't care WHAT  says or  Screw them! I'm voting 4 you, Mr. Trump!   ↗
"  Waiting for the day we can call you Mr. President!"  ↗
"   TRUMP IS THE MAN"  ↗
"  🇺🇸"  ↗
" I'm probably going to vote for  simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. And half of America agrees."  ↗
" You never give up🇺🇸 Hope you win.  you're my choice   ↗
"   But still, we put our trust in  and he FAILED us."  ↗
"  You have my vote already! We don't need another Obama, it's time for someone who knows how to lead!"  ↗
" "  ↗
"  I registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license.   ↗
"   STAND WITH TRUMP 2016"  ↗
" Trump is the only real candidate. He is only saying what we all know. Much crime comes from illegal immigrants. Fact!"  ↗
"  NEVER GIVE UP. You're our last hope!"  ↗
" I can't wait for your inauguration!! The beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN" Thanks.  ↗
" .     More than a few voters may    ↗
Why would Republican candidates want the support of Mitt Romney. He lost an election against Obama that should NEVER have been lost!  ↗
"    ↗
" ANY conservative candidate who disses DonaldTrump's stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for US first over Illegals.  ↗
"  This 4th of July lets also remember the thousands of American citizens killed by illegals.   ↗
What about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women (in front of her father) in San Fran. Get smart!  ↗
"    I do not yet who I will vote for but can assure you it will not be Rubio"  ↗
"  just lied about DonaldTrump - Dana, Trump Did NOT say "ALL are criminals & rapists" .. #ProudAmerican  ↗
" Mr  is the only candidate that hits my three main topics, Border Security, Economy and National Defense."  ↗
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO EVERYONE! MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
"   It is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. Mr. Trump you have my vote!"  ↗
I will be on  this morning at 8:30. Enjoy!  ↗
