"     WE ACCEPT THE BEST. We want Trump!"  ↗
"   I sure in the hell hope so. Trump please make this country great again."  ↗
"  It's not so much that Iran made a good deal, it's that Kerry and Obama gave away the store." O.K.!  ↗
"  We shouldn't be surprised.No leadership in the White House.Glad  will  ↗
"  America needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster."  ↗
" RT "   . We The People want Mr Trump…   ↗
"   . We The People want Mr Trump to be our President!!!  Great pic  ↗
Now that Iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history, they have just moved to block any imports from the U.S.  ↗
"  9 years from now we will thank President Trump for making us great again!" Thank you!  ↗
Thank you  for the nice, and true, words on Buzz with terrific Howie Kurtz. Leading New Hampshire 30 to 12.   ↗
While in politics it is often smart to send out false messages, one thing is clear: That Hillary does not want to run against TRUMP.  ↗
Join me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12  in in NYC. I'll be signing copies of my book CRIPPLED ERICA. Don't miss it!  ↗
If Jeb Bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with Marco in the debate. BAD facts for Marco if properly delivered!  ↗
Marco Rubio will not win. Weak on illegal immigration, strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a "lightweight".  ↗
I told you in speeches months ago that Jeb and Marco do not like each other. Marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to Jeb as his mentor!  ↗
Jeb's new slogan - "Jeb can fix it". I never thought of Jeb as a crook! Stupid message, the word "fix" is not a good one to use in politics!  ↗
Anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for Marco Rubio READ THIS:   ↗
Further proof that Gang of Eight member Marco Rubio is weak on illegal immigration is Paul Singer's, Mr. Amnesty, endorsement.Rubs can't win  ↗
"  Anyway, for me the most original costume was Donald Trump like President!!!!"  ↗
" [First Vote News Video | Mike Tyson Endorses Donald Trump for President] -  Thanks Mike!  ↗
"  And you're still a negative loser and Trump is still a positive winner. I'm Black and proudly voting TRUMP!"  ↗
