" Trump SNL Episode Generates Highest Ratings Since 2012: At the very least, Donald Trump is making Sat...   ↗
Thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on  Saturday Night Live. Best ratings in 4 years!  ↗
" Trump Is Ratings ‘Gold’ For SNL: Donald Trump Is Ratings ‘Gold’ For SNL...    ↗
" Ratings: DonaldTrump lifted to a near four-year high.  TRUMP RATINGS GOLD!  ↗
" Chuck Schumer: Sen Marco Rubio Is “Totally Committed To Obama’s Immigration Agenda” DonaldTrump  ↗
"  great job on SNL mr trump, funny funny." Thanks.  ↗
" Trump Winery: via  Always an amazing experience at Trump Winery​ Beautiful fall foliage  ↗
"  you made SNL great again"   ↗
"   was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it!   ↗
"  That's because people are interested in you, & you've got a great sense of humor, unlike Hillary  ↗
"   HUUUUUGE"  ↗
"   Great job Donald! Good luck from Canada!"  ↗
"     ↗
. Highest rated Saturday Night Live in four years. 47% higher than their opening night with Hillary & Miley Cyrus. Nice words  ↗
Television ratings for  Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!  ↗
"   You've got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you. #EverybodyRockW/TrumpNow  ↗
At 10:30 I will be interviewed on both  by  and  Face The Nation by John Dickerson. This after long evening!  ↗
I will be interviewed by  on  at 10:00 A.M.  ↗
. Will be interviewed by Jake Tapper at 9:00 A.M. Enjoy.  ↗
"  Awesome time on Saturday Night Live Mr. Trump! Thanks for being YOU!  Thank you!  ↗
"  You are a machine. Success leaves clues.   ↗
. - So much fun last night!  ↗
" What a show. Thanks for watching, everyone!   ↗
"  you made SNL great again"  ↗
"  I am Hispanic - I am with you"  ↗
"  it was a great show!"  ↗
"  we need you elected tomorrow!"  ↗
"  Loved the show!"  ↗
" Please stand up for American Hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying USA!   ↗
"  great show !!!   ↗
"  thanks donald great show,when r u coming back to massachusetts?" Very soon!  ↗
" We finally have a voice with Let’s do our part & VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY 4   ↗
"  It was FANTASTIC!!"  ↗
" The books great    ↗
"  Loved the show! Best in years!   ↗
Will be on  at 8:00 A.M.  ↗
Amazing evening at Saturday Night Live!  ↗
