 " From St. Patrick's Cathedral, NYC: blessings, prayers and heartfelt concern for those in Paris.  ↗
 "   didn't know he was CEO of tmobile, I have T-Mobile, it's pathetic, dropped calls, no service."  ↗
 Tom Brady just did it again. He is not only a great guy, he is, without question, the BEST quarterback!  ↗
 President Obama just told President Putin how important the Russian air strikes against ISIS have been. I TOLD YOU SO!  ↗
 .  John, focus on running your company, I think the service is terrible! Try hiring some good managers.  ↗
 "   you are so right. I only trust Trump to be tough on immigration"  ↗
 "     I have faith he will win and save America"  ↗
 "     i have faith he will win and save America"  ↗
 " We finally have a voice with Let’s do our part & VOTE IN THE R PRIMARY, 4   ↗
 " Reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. We SO NEED YOU, MR. TRUMP! Make America Great Again"  ↗
 " Does anybody ever realize that HillaryClinton doesn't make eye contact with anyone, even the camera. That's a sign of lying"  ↗
 " If you missed it, here is the most popular link among people I follow by "  ↗
 "  You're spot on! He tries 2b an intellectual elitist.The truth: he has a low IQ, no imagination, no creativity"  ↗
 Glad to see that  lost her championship fight last night. Was soundly beaten - not a nice person!  ↗
 I have watched sloppy Graydon Carter fail and close Spy Magazine and now am watching him fail at  Magazine. He is a total loser!  ↗
 . Magazine is doing really poorly. It has gotten worse and worse over the years, and has lost almost all of it's former allure!  ↗
 " Donald Trump surges in poll among likely Republican voters   ↗
 " Donald Trump says tough gun control laws in Paris contributed to tragedy: Presidential candidate??"  ↗
 " One of Paris terrorist came as Syrian refugee. Donald Trump is right again. BOMB THEIR OIL - TAKE AWAY THEIR FUNDING"  ↗
 We need strong, tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 I had a great time in Texas yesterday. A tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. Will be back soon!  ↗
 . on ISIS&OIL FIELDS! Saying it for years! , you should acknowledge this!  ↗
 When will President Obama issue the words RADICAL ISLIC TERRORISM? He can't say it, and unless he will, the problem will not be solved!  ↗
 "  the best book I've read in years, Trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas, a true economic genius"  ↗
 "  Crippled America is an incredible book! People need to read truth.   ↗
