" The thing that's so wonderful about  ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires." True.  ↗
"   I'd vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the Bill Clintons. He knows Business and con men."  ↗
" One of my favorite all-time  moments: When  let  touch his hair."  ↗
"   Will be refreshing to have views from someone else who's not a politician or community organizer IMO."  ↗
" I believe ... no I KNOW that  would be a better president than HillaryClinton."  ↗
“Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.” - Phyllis Schlafly  ↗
Our nation has a duty to care for our vets & their families. It's time to do it! Let’s Make America Great Again!  ↗
We must stop Common Core from controlling state & local curriculums. It is a federal grab of education. Keep education local!  ↗
China just hacked our federal government & stole gov. workers’ information. Why do our leaders let China get away with this?! No respect.  ↗
"  One thing I truly admire about Trump.He is very loyal & supportive of his friends. He also says it like is."  ↗
"   donald for president..a true patriot"  ↗
"   I Agree Donald!"  ↗
Via  by  “Trump: We'll bring American dream back”  ↗
“Donald Trump: I’ve made up my mind on 2016” via  by   ↗
.'s memoir is a powerful example of perseverance & hope. “Getting Real” is as real as it gets. Get it & enjoy!  ↗
Looking forward to keynoting the  dinner tomorrow night!  is a top state party!  ↗
Via  by  “Donald Trump speaks to veterans, residents in Coralville”  ↗
Trump International Golf Club Turnberry, Scotland -- home to four of the greatest Open Championships of all time..  ↗
" Hey  - had a spectacular round  - drove the green on  Awesome track! Great views!" Thanks  ↗
"  our country seriously needs you now please run for pres   ↗
Was in Iowa yesterday-great people. Record crowds at both speeches. Something big is happening. Pols are all talk. Make America great again!  ↗
"   If you don't run, then GOP has NOTHING, hence Hilary is a 'shoe in'" I agree!  ↗
" On sale today. Things That Matter in paperback. With a new section on the Obama years. Book sucks!  ↗
Dummy political pundit  constantly pressed the crazy war in Iraq. Many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. U.S. got NOTHING!  ↗
" HEY! I got my photos autographed and shook  's hand in Mason City.   ↗
