 " 🇺🇸    ↗
 " Can't think of a better candidate. -Donald Trump"  ↗
 "  please deeply consider running for office. Cannot think of a better candidate  Thanks.  ↗
 "   O personally I think you would be a great president for our country   ↗
 " DonaldTrump Everyone wants you to run. Why don't you? You would be perfect. President Donald Trump has a good ring to it  ↗
 " David 's Top 10: The  List Members Who've Appeared The Most -  21 times!  ↗
 " Like I said before we need to run the country more like a business. Who better than  to turn us around.  ↗
 " Economically,DonaldTrump is what America needs.I dont know if he's running or not, but I'm voting Donald Trump for President  ↗
 "  I beg you to run" Stay tuned!  ↗
 " First time at Doral since the renovations, wow! Fantastic job  " Thanks.  ↗
 "   we need  to run and we would be good"  ↗
 " Donald Trump: "Never a Greater Enemy to Israel Than Obama" Iran/Nukes  ↗
 " « I try to learn from the past, but I plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present - Donald Trump  ↗
 " Donald Trump on Mexico: "I would build a wall like nobody can build a wall"  True.  ↗
 The middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.They don't care!  ↗
 "  TRUMP: Hero. Energetic,savvy ERICAN!! Need America strong. SAVIOR!   ↗
 "  we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood." Watch.  ↗
 "  we can't get you in the WH fast enough. The drip/drip of horrendous policies is now a flood." Go get 'em!  ↗
 "  Loved all you had to say today!! So true all of it! That's what we need to hear Truth!! You give me HOPE!!"  ↗
 "  I enjoyed hearing you again this Memorial Day ! I am partial to you - trustworthy American"  ↗
 "   keep telling it like it truly is! God Bless You And Yours!!"  ↗
 "  We're all very proud of you, Donald ."  ↗
 "  As usual, great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. I enjoy your frankness and honesty." Thanks.  ↗
 I will be interviewed on  at 7:00 A.M.  ↗
 " Who`s the (social media) King of New York? - via     ↗
