" Great job on O'Reilly  Stay who you are, it's refreshing.   ↗
"  We can't take 8 years of Hilary or 8 years of establishment GOP!!! We need Trump!!"  ↗
"  America needs a real leader, America needs Donald Trump for President!"  ↗
Watch my live book signing now!  ↗
I invite you to join my campaign to Make America Great Again! Sign up to Volunteer!  ↗
Purchase your copy of CRIPPLED ERICA now & be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite.  ↗
Thank you!!  ↗
Thank you, New Hampshire! Great people -- see you next week!  ↗
Via   ↗
Great to see the construction of the Old Post Office on Penn Ave. Going fast - under budget, ahead of schedule!  ↗
It was recently reported that 3rd rate $ losing  is a foil for the Clintons. Questions given to Clinton in advance. No credibility.  ↗
Thank you so much for the wonderful article, Robert Davi.  ↗
Thank you! Vote in 2016!  ↗
Thank you!  ↗
CRIPPLED ERICA is the perfect gift for friends & family. Order signed copy & join me at 7:30pm, live streaming!  ↗
Why can't  get better reporters than Ben Schreckenger? Guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. So dishonest!  ↗
Loved being in Manassas, VA last night. Such incredible spirit! Now in DC for a speech, will then visit Old Post Office under construction.  ↗
CRIPPLED ERICA is perfect gift for friends & family. Order signed copy & join me tonite live streaming 7:30  ↗
"  Your the man Don. You make me smile every day. Look forward to your inauguration." Nice!  ↗
"    The more frightening the world is , the more safe we feel with President Trump"  ↗
" Will be interesting to see how many times Jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found..."  ↗
"  You can definitely thank God for you health, stamina, strength, and all the good things in your life!" True!  ↗
As a presidential candidate, I have instructed my long-time doctor to issue, within two weeks, a full medical report-it will show perfection  ↗
" Trump: Mideast peace 'something I'd really like to do' | AP Photo   ↗
I consider my health, stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.The world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes!  ↗
" CBS reports "swarms" of celebrators were on roofs in Jersey on 9/11/2001‼️‼️ VIDEO:   ↗
"  APOLOGIZE HYPOCRITE Jersey City 9/11 Celebration Report …"  ↗
Congratulations on the GREAT job done by POLICE and law enforcement on the California shootings. Give credit where credit is due.  ↗
"    his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur.  ↗
"    start backing  real change is coming !"  ↗
"  if only we had a leader like this. We will soon. DonaldTrump will look out for the interests of Americans.  ↗
