" No other GOP candidate has potential to win Ohio & Pennsylvania-thus the presidency except "jobs" .  ↗
"   The letter is out, liars."  ↗
"  We need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! Go Mr.Trump!!"  ↗
" I am 72 year old female. You give me hope 1st time in years America can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016!"  ↗
"  Donald has already done many great things,he has woke America up and people are screaming Donald everywhere"  ↗
"    it's good to show the public such things,a lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars  ↗
"  WOW! Here is letter that mafia organization of extortion, Club for Growth, sent   ↗
" Sure hope you will do great things. You are giving us something to look forward to, and make America great again. Go Trump"  ↗
"    Wow. So disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! Like its no big deal."  ↗
" vote for Trump "  ↗
"   They are all just phony cronies. Keep up the Real Deal Mr. TRUMP YOU ARE THE MAN."  ↗
"   Borderline extortion scam. They would have used your $1M to extract "donations" from others"  ↗
"  Club4Growth will do anything for a handout just like every other POLITICIAN running... Pay to Say organization"  ↗
"  is gonna do some great things!   ↗
"  You are our only hope ! Keep strong Mr.Trump" Thank you.  ↗
. should release the letter they sent me asking for $1,000,000. When I said no, they came out against me. A scam operation?  ↗
"   He was right when he called Obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor  ↗
" Trump Leads as Bush Crashes No establishment and/or pro-amnesty candidates   ↗
"   as long as we can stay strong and give  our support. He's the leader."  ↗
I will be in Washington D.C. on Wednesday,1 P.M.,in front of the Capitol, to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with Iran.  ↗
The Dallas event on September 14 at 6:00 P.M. at the American Airlines Center looks like it will be a giant success. Tickets are going FAST!  ↗
Our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision, not someone like Hillary or Barack, neither of which has a clue!  ↗
The phony Club For Growth, which asked me in writing for $1,000,000 (I said no), is now wanting to do negative ads on me. Total hypocrites!  ↗
"  do you see what's in Tom Brady's Locker?   ↗
" Check it out, , all the way from Wyoming!  Thank you.  ↗
"  ERICA will be working again. BUSINESSMAN > POLITICIAN. Private sector growth above all.   ↗
" Poll: Trump beats Clinton head-to-head matchup  Thank you!  ↗
If the presidential election were held today, according to this  poll, Donald Trump would defeat any Dem:   ↗
