 "    it's amazing how people fear a change for the better"  ↗
 " Trump, you got my vote. With your proven resume os success. People would be nuts not to vote for you. Trump2016"  ↗
 " Donald Trump is the ONLY candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country.  ↗
 "  Mr. Trump tell America they are fired! Bring some respect and balls back to the USA."  ↗
 " I said when Trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earth,when he wins,all Americans will be   ↗
 "  -  loves you. It was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced." Bill O is great.  ↗
 "   Because they're AFRAID of you!   ↗
 "   indicated he would support you if you ran. Let's see if he puts his money where his mouth is!  ↗
 "    The Donald owes NOTHING to lobbyists. He could restore our Republic." True.  ↗
 " Finally somebody with real intelligence & leadership is runnig for president Mr .   ↗
 "     I'm just about done with Fox news!"  ↗
 " I do believe that Trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration.   ↗
 "   Why is it that FOX loved you until you declared as a candidate???" Good question!  ↗
 "   Believe they are worried you may win!  ↗
 " I have Loved you since Wrestlemania when I was kid. I grew up & see what you're all about. I am behind you ALL the way!"  ↗
 . still thinks Romney won! He doesn't have a clue!   ↗
 "   I am stunned that Rove would suggest repealing the  That will not solve the problem, IMO!"  ↗
 "    I watched the  interview. He sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. Trump 2016!"  ↗
 . stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd Amendment. I thought  was going to fire that jerk after his Romney fiasco?  ↗
 "   Karl Rove destroyed the Republican Party. Time to rebuild it." True!  ↗
 "   theyre all jealous of your success  Thanks.  ↗
 "   The best candidate!   ↗
 The great Mike Wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son, Chris Wallace of . Mike was a total pro!  ↗
 . was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on This Week.  should not allow this conduct!  ↗
 "   can't wait for debates! DT will crush them" Could happen!  ↗
 "  I tend to vote for democratic candidates, but I feel excited about you in the presidential race. 😊"  ↗
 " Donald Trump's resume backs his run for president  " Thank you, so true  ↗
 ., who spent $430 million in the last cycle and didn't win one race, said I'm not a candidate until I file papers. Next week Karl!  ↗
 Via  by  "Exclusive: Trump Slams Obamatrade, Stands Up For American Jobs"  ↗
 Happy Father's Day to all! I had a wonderful and loving father.  ↗
 Via  by  "Donald Trump’s resume backs his run for president"  ↗
 " If you’re a betting man, it’s time to start believing Donald Trump   ↗
 "  you are the best candidate for president in a long time. Hope you win" Thanks.  ↗
 " Donald Trump is the only hope for a crumbling American economy. Hope my American friends choose Trump"  ↗
 "  He really is a great business man and gets the job done right." So true!  ↗
