" ROBINSON: Establishment didn't get Trump fall they want....  Thank you!  ↗
"  Newsmax poll  65%  "  APOLOGIZE!  ↗
"  Newsmax poll  65%  " Another debate win!  ↗
"  your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of $ in 2011. KEEP SPEAKING THE TRUTH! TRUMP 2016!♡"  ↗
The hatred that clown  has for me is unbelievable – causes him to lie when many others say Trump easily won debate.  ↗
....Dopey  should be fired.   ↗
. you should be ashamed of yourself. I got you the highest debate ratings in your history & you say nothing but bad...  ↗
via Bloomberg: Fox News Couldn't Kill Trump's Momentum, Made Him Stronger    ↗
"   "TRUMP DOMINANT" screams headline in today's Tampa Bay Times.   ↗
"   Out to get you with baited questions. She was angry at you. Very hostile and unprofessional"  ↗
"  Great Job!!! Winning the debate last night will take over half the field out,  was not fair to Trump"  ↗
 poll:  winner of last night's debate by wide margin.. 45% v.12% , 10%   ↗
" Dear  , your attempted hatchet job on  was unbecoming & a total failure.   ↗
"     Rosie O'Donnell was the best answer of that whole debate"  ↗
" I am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. But I will be voting  on Election Day."  ↗
"    you tried to attack Trump, he took it and smiled. Trump will be the next president  ↗
" TIME POLL:  wins the first by Wild Margin  ↗
"  final four-Trump, Cruz, Walker, Carson wild card Fiorina"  ↗
"    Tell me what I can do to help you. She really has made me want to never watch fox again"  ↗
"     my vote remains for trump!"  ↗
" I'm s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love . He speaks the truth!"  ↗
"  is in a greater position w/ 52% to 12%  even after  &  tried to take him out.  ↗
"  's behaviour at the was astonishingly biased."  ↗
"  your rocked & won BIG TIME!!!! Make America Great Again Mr. Trump"  ↗
"   Megyn could have done a far better job*"  ↗
"  They tried to take you out & your poll numbers skyrocketed. Voters matter, not  moderators.  ↗
"   I expected better from , wondering what is her hidden agenda.  ↗
"     is that all you've got??? Haha."  ↗
"     WAS A DISASTER ALSO."  ↗
" I gotta have  in the White House that'd be such a game changer"  ↗
" Despite the hype,  wins the debate by a wide margin.   ↗
I really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the  trio, especially , was not very good or professional!  ↗
., your so-called "focus groups" are a total joke. Don't come to my office looking for business again. You are a clown!  ↗
Wow,  really bombed tonight. People are going wild on twitter! Funny to watch.  ↗
. I won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins  &  so where did you find that dumb panel.  ↗
" I'm getting a lot of  hatemail tonight. 😆  She is totally overrated and angry. She really bombed tonite  ↗
. is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and I had zero interest. Now he picks anti-Trump panels!  ↗
"    Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo  will consider other programs!"  ↗
"  The biggest loser in the debate was . You can't out trump Donald Trump. You will lose!  ↗
"  Excellent job!  You are real & everyone saw that 2nite!  ↗
Wow! What a great honor from   ↗
"  “When you have $18-$19 trillion in debt, they need someone like me to straighten it out"  ↗
Thank you  readers- a great honor!  ↗
