"  You did great and showed courage going to Burlington. No other GOP candidate would do what you did tonight!"  ↗
"   I agree with you on this.  won't be good. He will be great!"  ↗
"  Key State Florida Poll: Trump 32% Beats #Rubio-Combined   ↗
" DonaldTrump, wish I could attend one of your rallies, none are close enough. Make America Great Again for my Kids.Thank you  ↗
Great time in Burlington, Vermont. Crowd was amazing.  ↗
We could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. The movement to Make America Great Again is unbelievable!  ↗
I'm leaving now for Burlington, Vermont. It will be wild!  ↗
Joy Behar, who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings, is even worse on . We love Barbara!  ↗
The  , once great when headed by , is now in total freefall. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible. Very sad!  ↗
RT  Explosive Trump attack on HRC, Bill, Monica, Cosby, and Weiner. Trump camp just upped the ante on "women's rights" https://t.co…  ↗
Hillary and her friends!  ↗
Weak & ineffective  is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. False advertising!  ↗
I have an idea for  whose campaign is a disaster. Try using your last name and don't be ashamed of it!  ↗
. Ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the Dems on citizen issue. Go to court now & seek Declaratory Judgment--you will win!  ↗
Massive crowd in VT tonight. Venue not big enough. Officials say NO to outside event and sound system. Arrive early!  ↗
Man shot inside Paris police station. Just announced that terror threat is at highest level. Germany is a total mess-big crime. GET SMART!  ↗
I will be in beautiful Burlington, Vermont, tonight for a rally. Will be great fun. MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
It was a very wise move that Ted Cruz renounced his Canadian citizenship 18 months ago. Senator John McCain is certainly no friend of Ted!  ↗
. was one of the worst performing stocks on the S&P last year, plunging 46%. Very disloyal company. Another win for Trump! Boycott.  ↗
The failing  newspaper in N.H. just sent The Trump Organization a letter asking that we take ads. How stupid, how desperate!  ↗
