 An unbelievable night in Iowa with our great Veterans! We raised $6,000,000.00 while the politicians talked!  ↗
 Watching biased Charles , a  flunky who didn't know that I won every debate, in particular- the last one. Check polls!  ↗
 "Donald Trump Hands Bill O’Reilly Cable TV Viewership Win"- - ↗
 Finder:  ↗
 I hear that ’s $$ man, Robert Mercer, a good man, is very angry because Cruz lied to him about liquidating his (Ted’s) holdings.?  ↗
 20 Most Anticipated Hotel Openings of 2016: Trump International Hotel, Washington D.C.  ↗
 Tennessee GOP Poll Trump 32.7% Cruz 16.5% Carson 6.6% Rubio 5.3% Christie 2.4% Jeb 1.6%  ↗
 It is my great honor to support our Veterans with you! You can join me now. Thank you!  ↗
 Finder:  ↗
 Being politically correct takes too much time. We have too much to get done!  ↗
 “What America Needs: The Case for Trump” Great new book by the esteemed Jeffrey Lord  Available now.  ↗
 " I hope  has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching . Watching Trump tonight   ↗
 " So  brings in to add credibility in her fight with ?   ↗
 "     ↗
 "  Pathetic attempt to bribe  He can't be bought"  ↗
 The "debate" tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. I hate to see this.  ↗
 "  why do they have so many debates this year?? Also, why is Cruz still allowed to run, he's not eligible"  ↗
 "  Mr. Trump, why does Cruz hate Canada so much. He should embrace his roots, it's a great country" So true!  ↗
 Wow, two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at Drake University.  ↗
 " new  WSJ poll shows  pulling ahead of  in   Great!  ↗
 "  ...Hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is." GREAT IDEA!  ↗
 "   Sounds like the advertisers want Trump, he knows what he is doing.  ↗
 " I respected Cruz ppl until this lie. We're just tired of it from your side. 1949z   NO!  ↗
 "  debate Cruz one on one. I would just tell him that you were to busy running for the President of USA, not Canada"  ↗
 "      Checked YOUR wallet lately, Mr Ailes?"  ↗
 "  takes hit on advertising revenues by screwing with  ROFL!   ↗
 "  9 pm channel 70 CNN I will be watching Trump tonight. Want to have a person in the White House that takes no BS."  ↗
 "    is fighting corruption. Big donors took over Cruz. No to Donors"  ↗
 "    And this is the bimbo that's asking presidential questions?   ↗
 "  Our ReTrumplican Trump support group of 9500 members say 97% will not watch the debate tonight!"  ↗
