 Great new poll. Thank you Texas!  ↗
 "    hates to see Trump's success when he was so pathetic  ↗
 "  Romney is a pawn of the Establishment and has no individual thought process. He is jealous of Trump!"  ↗
 "  Romney should have been a tough guy with Obama. He cowered and lost. BADLY! He's not relevant!"  ↗
 "  Love it!  is done. We need someone who is proven.  will make America Great Again"  ↗
 "  Trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion & energy to  ↗
 "  A vote for  or  is a vote for corruption, special interests and lobbyists. Trump for POTUS!  ↗
 "  Mr Tough Guy Romney should be backing Trump like Trump backed him last time   ↗
 Ted Cruz is lying again. Polls are showing that I do beat Hillary Clinton head to head. Check out Poll snd Q Poll.  ↗
 Texas, Georgia & many more VOTE EARLY! This is a movement! VOTE VIDEO:  ↗
 " That's why we are angry. The Republican Establishment will not support you. You are who the American people want!"  ↗
 "  This Texan will be voting Trump March 1st. Cruz is a fake Texan!"  ↗
 . Chris, thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. I will not let you down!   ↗
 When Ted Cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear, I will get most of his votes - no problem!  ↗
 Why would Texans vote for "liar" Ted Cruz when he was born in Canada, lived there for 4 years-and remained a Canadian citizen until recently  ↗
 When Mitt Romney asked me for my endorsement last time around, he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win!  ↗
 " Oh great  is doing a  on  like losing the presidency wasn't enough  He's a fool  ↗
 Mitt Romney,who totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool, is now playing tough guy  ↗
 The polls show that I picked up many Jeb Bush supporters. That is how I got to 46%. When others drop out, I will pick up more. Sad but true  ↗
 MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 In all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey . He should be fired!  ↗
 I am in Virginia  Presidential forum with Dr. Pat Robertson- beginning now! Watch here:  ↗
 I am self funding my campaign & don't owe anybody anything! I only owe it to the American people! Watch:  ↗
 . Poll and  say that I beat both Hillary and Bernie, and I havn't even started on them yet!  ↗
 Big defeat last night in Nevada for Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio.  on  is working hard to belittle my victory. Rove is sick!  ↗
  did great on television this morning. Poised, smart and strong, with a big heart - so much to offer. We are all proud of you!  ↗
 Melania will be interviewed by  on  now (8:30 A.M.). ENJOY!  ↗
 THANK YOU NEVADA! ! Username: realdonaldtrump  ↗
 THANK YOU NEVADA! WE WILL MAKE ERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
