 Thank you Denver, Colorado!   ↗
 As usual, Hillary & the Dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major NFL games. Same as last time w/ Bernie. Unacceptable!  ↗
 Job Application  ↗
 Hillary Clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement & insticts.  ↗
 Thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in Colorado!  ↗
 Thank you Colorado Springs. Get out & VOTE in November!  ↗
 "Only a Reagan or a Trump-like figure in the White House will achieve this goal."  ↗
 Even Bill is tired of the lies, SAD!  ↗
 Join me in Colorado Springs at 2pm- or in Denver tonight at 7pm! Colorado Springs: Denver:  ↗
 What Bernie Sanders really thinks of Crooked Hillary Clinton.  ↗
 I am watching Crooked Hillary speak. Same old stuff, our country needs change!  ↗
 Wow, my campaign is hearing from more and more Bernie supporters that they will NEVER support Crooked Hillary. She sold them out, V.P. pick!  ↗
 In Hillary Clinton's America - things get worse.  ↗
 The dishonest media didn't mention that Bernie Sanders was very angry looking during Crooked's speech. He wishes he didn't make that deal!  ↗
 Thank you! Facebook: Instagram:  ↗
 Crooked Hillary said that I "couldn't handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign." Really,I just beat 16 people and am beating her!  ↗
 If Michael Bloomberg ran again for Mayor of New York, he wouldn't get 10% of the vote - they would run him out of town!  ↗
 "Little" Michael Bloomberg, who never had the guts to run for president, knows nothing about me. His last term as Mayor was a disaster!  ↗
 General John Allen, who I never met but spoke against me last night, failed badly in his fight against ISIS. His record = BAD  ↗
 Crooked Hillary Clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. Many of her statements were lies and fabrications!  ↗
 Join  at the University of Northwestern Ohio- tonight at 7pm. Tickets:  ↗
 " "I believe in science" Dem code for "we're shutting down coal mines, steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing""  ↗
 CPAIGN STATEMENT:  ↗
 Two policemen just shot in San Diego, one dead. It is only getting worse. People want LAW AND ORDER!  ↗
 Crooked Hillary Clinton made up facts about me, and "forgot" to mention the many problems of our country, in her very average scream!  ↗
 The media coverage this morning of the very average Clinton speech and Convention is a joke.  and the little watched  = SAD!  ↗
