 Thank you Marco, I agree!  ↗
 I only wish my wonderful daughter Tiffany could have been with us at Mar-a-Lago for our great election victory. She is a winner!  ↗
 Thank you Illinois!  ↗
 Thank you, North Carolina!   ↗
 Watching other networks and local news. Really good night! Crazy  is unwatchable.  ↗
 Thank you, Florida!  ↗
 Thank you, Northern Mariana Islands! ↗
 Can't watch Crazy Megyn anymore. Talks about me at 43% but never mentions that there are four people in race. With two people, big & over!  ↗
 "   If media wasn't so biased against Trump, he would've won all of the delegates.  ↗
 "  is trying so hard to bash  it's ridiculous" Don't worry, everyone is wise to Crazy Megyn!  ↗
 "      Hayes is looking depressed as well.   ↗
 "    I tried to give them a shot tonight, but they have the whole anti Trump cheerleading team."  ↗
 "    She's choking on the results! Call her justifiable Kelly. Justifying everything she says."  ↗
 " Was going to watch  for the primary results but saw  - looks like tonight"  ↗
 Word is that, despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads, I had a massive victory in Florida. Numbers out soon!  ↗
 A lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in Florida? Hope this is false.  ↗
 I will bring our jobs back to the U.S., and keep our companies from leaving. Nobody else can do it. Our economy will "sing" again.  ↗
 In presidential voting so far, John Kasich is ZERO for 22. So why would he be a good candidate? Hillary would beat him, I will beat Hillary!  ↗
 Ohio is losing jobs to Mexico, now losing Ford (and many others). Kasich is weak on illegal immigration. We need strong borders now!  ↗
 Watching John Kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. Remember him in second debate, until I put him down.  ↗
 RT  Mathematically it is statistically impossible for Kasich to get to 1237 - he would need 112% of the remaining delegates to b…  ↗
 ✅Florida ✅Illinois ✅Missouri ✅North Carolina ✅Ohio  ↗
 North Carolina lost 300,000 manufacturing jobs and Ohio lost 400,000 since 2000. Going to Mexico etc. NO MORE IF I WIN, WE WILL BRING BACK!  ↗
 RT  Friends in & we would be honored to have your  #T…  ↗
 Just in, big news- I have been declared the winner of the CNMI Rep Caucus with 72.8% of the vote! Thank you!  ↗
 Good morning Ohio! Some additional information from my daughter, !  ↗
 Don't reward Mitt Romney, who let us all down in the last presidential race, by voting for Kasich (who voted for NAFTA, open borders etc.).  ↗
 Please remember, I am the ONLY candidate who is self-funding his campaign. Kasich, Rubio and Cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists!  ↗
 I will bring our jobs back to America, fix our military and take care of our vets, end Common Core and ObamaCare, protect 2nd A, build WALL  ↗
