 Wow, just released that $67 million in negative ads was spent on me. How am I still number one - by a lot?  ↗
 I didn't start the fight with Lyin'Ted Cruz over the GQ cover pic of Melania, he did. He knew the PAC was putting it out - hence, Lyin' Ted!  ↗
 Just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the Trump U case but the press refuses to write about it. If I lost-monster story!  ↗
 MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz-  ↗
 "  Cruz & Rubio are scared! WATCH ->   ↗
 Europe and the U.S. must immediately stop taking in people from Syria. This will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! So sad!  ↗
 Just announced that as many as 5000 ISIS fighters have infiltrated Europe. Also, many in U.S. I TOLD YOU SO! I alone can fix this problem!  ↗
 "  They're all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. I say you go on and destroy them all" A dead show  ↗
 Explain how the women on The View, which is a total disaster since the great Barbara Walters left, ever got their jobs.  is wasting time  ↗
 . T.V. show, which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air, is constantly asking me to go on. I TELL THEM "NO"  ↗
 Hillary Clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. TIME FOR A CHANGE, I WILL SOLVE - AND FAST!  ↗
 "  Talkers think about the future, Doers are already building it"   ↗
 It is amazing how often I am right, only to be criticized by the media. Illegal immigration, take the oil, build the wall, Muslims, NATO!  ↗
 Remember when I recently said that Brussels is a "hell hole" and a mess and the failing  wrote a critical article. I was so right!  ↗
 These politicians like Cruz and Graham, who have watched ISIS and many other problems develop for years, do nothing to make things better!  ↗
 . and Lyin' Ted Cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - ALL TALK AND NO ACTION! Both talk about ISIS, do nothing!  ↗
 It is amazing how  gets on so many T.V. shows talking negatively about me when I beat him so badly (ZERO) in his pres run!  ↗
 " . thank God is not a politician, but he's one heck of a fighter who will fight for us, the people."  ↗
 We pay a disproportionate share of the cost of N.A.T.O. Why? It is time to renegotiate, and the time is now!  ↗
 N.A.T.O. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on!  ↗
