 ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all!   ↗
 Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning   ↗
 Wow, interview released by Wikileakes shows "quid pro quo" in Crooked Hillary e-mail probe.Such a dishonest person - & Paul Ryan does zilch!  ↗
 Finally, in the new ABC News/Washington Post Poll, Hillary Clinton is down 11 points with WOMEN VOTERS and the election is close at 47-43!  ↗
 Paul Ryan, a man who doesn't know how to win (including failed run four years ago), must start focusing on the budget, military, vets etc.  ↗
 The Democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked Hillary Clinton. We have Paul Ryan, always fighting the Republican nominee!  ↗
 Join me in Wisconsin tomorrow or Colorado on Tuesday! Green Bay- 6pm Colorado Springs- 1pm…  ↗
 “The vast majority felt she should be prosecuted..." -- even senior FBI officials thought Crooked was guilty.  ↗
 The election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing Crooked Hillary - but also at many polling places - SAD  ↗
 We've all wondered how Hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. Wikileaks may have found the answer. Obama!  ↗
 Hillary's staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. Who would trust these people with national security?  ↗
 A country that Crooked Hillary says has funded ISIS also gave Wild Bill $1 million for his birthday? SO CORRUPT!  ↗
 They let Crooked & the Gang off the hook for the crime, but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. Unbelievable!  ↗
 Election is being rigged by the media, in a coordinated effort with the Clinton campaign, by putting stories that never happened into news!  ↗
 Polls close, but can you believe I lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events THAT NEVER HAPPENED. Media rigging election!  ↗
 Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!  ↗
