 My supporters are the best! $18 million from hard-working people who KNOW what we can be again! Shatter the record:  ↗
 Unbelievable evening in Melbourne, Florida w/ 15,000 supporters- and an additional 12,000 who could not get in. Tha…  ↗
 Join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa! Tickets:…  ↗
 Once again, we will have a government of, by and for the people. Join the MOVEMENT today!  ↗
 RT  On National  make sure you're registered to vote so we can ht…  ↗
 Hillary Clinton's Campaign Continues To Make False Claims About Foundation Disclosure:  ↗
 'CNBC, Time magazine online polls say Donald Trump won the first presidential debate' via .  ↗
 Great afternoon in Little Havana with Hispanic community leaders. Thank you for your support!  ↗
 In the last 24 hrs. we have raised over $13M from online donations and National Call Day, and we’re still going! Thank you America!  ↗
 Well, now they're saying that I not only won the NBC Presidential Forum, but last night the big debate. Nice!  ↗
 Thank you for your endorsement, .  ↗
 Such a great honor. Final debate polls are in - and the MOVEMENT wins! #ImWithYou…  ↗
 'U.S. Murders Increased 10.8% in 2015' via   ↗
 Thank you!  ↗
 Hillary's been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change.  ↗
 'True blue-collar billionaire Donald Trump shows Hillary Clinton is out of touch'  ↗
 The trend on Twitter right now is - thank you!  ↗
 I won every poll from last nights Presidential Debate - except for the little watched  poll.  ↗
 'How Trump won over a bar full of undecideds and Democrats'  ↗
 I really enjoyed the debate last night.Crooked Hillary says she is going to do so many things.Why hasn't she done them in her last 30 years?  ↗
 Great debate poll numbers - I will be on  at 7:00 to discuss. Enjoy!  ↗
 Thank you! Four new polls with the MOVEMENT winning. Together, we will MAKE ERICA SAFE & GREAT AGAIN…  ↗
 .'s First Presidential Debate Poll: Trump: 80% Clinton: 20% Join the MOVEMENT today & lets …  ↗
 Thank you! CNBC poll with over 400,000 votes. Trump 61% Clinton 39% #ImWithYou…  ↗
 TIME poll - over 800,000 votes. Thank you!  ↗
 . just said "a historic victory for Trump." NICE!  ↗
