 Watched Crooked Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine on 60 Minutes. No way they are going to fix America's problems. ISIS & all others laughing!  ↗
 The ratings for the Republican National Convention were very good, but for the final night, my speech, great. Thank you!  ↗
 The highly neurotic Debbie Wasserman Schultz is angry that, after stealing and cheating her way to a Crooked Hillary victory, she's out!  ↗
 The Democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! E-mails say the rigged system is alive & well!  ↗
 Even though Bernie Sanders has lost his energy and his strength, I don't believe that his supporters will let Crooked Hillary off the hook!  ↗
 Crooked Hillary Clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top, DWS. Too bad Bernie flamed out  ↗
 If the Republican Convention had blown up with e-mails, resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. (Bernie), media would go wild  ↗
 The  panels are so one sided, almost all against Trump.  is so much better and the ratings are much higher. Don't watch CNN!  ↗
 I always said that Debbie Wasserman Schultz was overrated. The Dems Convention is cracking up and Bernie is exhausted, no energy left!  ↗
 Today proves what I have always known, that  Priebus is the tough one and the smart one, not Debbie Wasserman Shultz (.)  ↗
 Sorry folks, but Bernie Sanders is exhausted, just can't go on any longer. He is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and DNC disrespect. SAD!  ↗
 There is no longer a Bernie Sanders "political revolution." He is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figure,wants it all to end!  ↗
 An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.  ↗
 Looks like the Bernie people will fight. If not, their BLOOD, SWEAT AND TEARS was a total waste of time. Kaine stands for opposite!  ↗
 Wow, President Obama's brother, Malik, just announced that he is voting for me. Was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else!  ↗
 Bernie Sanders started off strong, but with the selection of Kaine for V.P., is ending really weak. So much for a movement! TOTAL DISRESPECT  ↗
 The Crooked Hillary V.P. choice is VERY disrespectful to Bernie Sanders and all of his supporters. Just another case of BAD JUDGEMENT by H!  ↗
