 Thank you !  ↗
 THANK YOU ALABA! 32,000 supporters tonight. Get out & VOTE on Tuesday! WE WILL MAKE ERICA GREAT AGAIN!  ↗
 Our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. Video:  ↗
 I will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in Huntsville/Madison Alabama! Landing now!  ↗
 Phylis Schlafly: 'Marco Rubio Betrayed Us All'  ↗
 Little Marco Rubio treated America's ICE officers "like absolute trash" in order to pass Obama's amnesty.  ↗
 Little Marco Rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of "sex offenses." DISGRACE!  ↗
 Little Marco Rubio is just another Washington D.C. politician that is all talk and no action.  ↗
 " Rubio was kicking back on his $80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol"  ↗
 Lightweight Senator Marco Rubio is polling very poorly in Florida. The people can't stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic!  ↗
 Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida is just another Washington politician.  ↗
 Mitt Romney didn't show his tax return until SEPTEMBER 21, 2012, and then only after being humiliated by Harry R! A bad messenger for estab!  ↗
 As I stated at the press conference on Friday regarding David Duke- I disavow.  ↗
 Why would the people of Texas support Ted Cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. He is another all talk, no action pol!  ↗
  ↗
 Little Marco Rubio, the lightweight no show Senator from Florida, is set to be the "puppet" of the special interest Koch brothers. WATCH!  ↗
 Making a big speech in Alabama today. So many people we had to move to a football stadium! Come and join us!  ↗
 I am the only Republican who will get large numbers of Dems and Indies (crossover). I will also get states that no other Republican can get.  ↗
 While Hillary and I both won South Carolina by big margins, Repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.GROWING PARTY  ↗
 The Republican Establishment has been pushing for lightweight Senator Marco Rubio to say anything to "hit" Trump.I signed the pledge-careful  ↗
 While I hear the Koch brothers are in big financial trouble (oil), word is they have chosen little Marco Rubio, the lightweight from Florida  ↗
 " A lot more water after this bombshell, Rubio. You are an enemy of America.    ↗
 " “It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.” –    ↗
 "    anything is better than "  ↗
 " It is a sad commentary little boy Marco Rubio can't win in his home state. Floridians despise him as a opportunist phony."  ↗
 "  Marco 'Amnesty' Rubio is the front man of Amnesty.  ↗
 "    GO TRUMP"  ↗
 " DonaldTrump is a leader. He is a successful person that, like me, isn’t afraid to tell it like it is." Governor   ↗
